hi;can anyone give me an idea about grade 109 pay scale in hamad medical cooperation? If HR give me an offer can i give it for a review? will it affect the current offer?
Need to courier a parcel to Europe; what is the best company to use? considering cost and 3-4 days for delivery? thanks
Anybody is there who received a family RP from Gharaffa immigration recently? As per the new rule family RP application need to be submit in MOI instead of MOL. But I would like to know the procedures in Immigration if there is any changes for the application form and requirement ect... please share your experience here and I'm sure it will help others! Thanks
each time im checking my balance with voda...there is a last message such as you have 30 minutes free call...but i dont know how i can use it...can someone tell me is it true or what...if true how i can use it..because each time im reloading it is adding and adding more minutes..from 30 minutes its now coming more than an hour free minutes...
I am in a verge of making a decision whether I should get a car loan or just lease a car. If I decide to get a loan from the bank. Which bank gives the best customer service and lowest interest rate. If you know a car I can buy. Thats superb!!!!
Anyone know if any bars have been showing the 20/20 cricket so far? Need to find a venue for the final tonight (Sunday 16th)
Hi; i have been trawling the pharmacies here to try to find some Sinutab but to no avail.. Dies anyone know if it is available here anywhere ir is there a decent alternative? When i get Sinusitus its th eonly thing that works for me! Thanks
Saw an ad in today's GT.. some offer for Nissan Vehicles. Pathfinder for QR. 89;000/- onwards...and xterra is QR.93;000. and Armada is QR.118;000. I thought Pathfinder is more expensive than Xttera. Anyone know why Pathfinder is so cheap? Did the prices come down or is it a good offer price?
Salaam/hello Can anyone point me to some online ads so I can get a guess at the prices in Qatar (food; clothing; furnishings; laptop; TV; kitchen items; etc) I've checked out Carrefour but I didn't see much; thanks!
I'm interested in having guitar lessons. There is any one who can give me a clue?...thank you.Gabriela.
Hi folks; I am going to inspect my son's daycare tomorrow in regards to fire safety practices that are (or are not) employed on site. I want to know what the law states as what are minimum requirements; such as a sprinkler system; fire drills and fire exits. I have had a look through MOI and defense websites; but can't seem to find what I'm looking for. Any advice on this would be much appreciated. Cheers; KIQ
how much period BAN For the Engineers in Qatar is it Still 2 years please help
Could anyone tell me what this sweet is called.. and the does anyone have a recipe for it??
How we will change our visa profession; mine it's general supervisor. I want change to engineer. In supervisor profession will they give same facilities like engineer.? Please let me know as ealry as possible.
wants to take my car to India for vacation on Qatar license plate and drive there a couple of months and bring it back again to Qatar.
Hi. anyone can suggest a good tailor shop (preferably Philippine nationality) in Qatar? i heard there's one over at Al Saad. just not sure the details... thanks!
Can any body tell me a good professional medical institute/clinic/hospital with expert/skilled/professional doctors for the eyes laser therapy treatment here /-a-t-/ doha???
I am curious to find out if single working mothers are allowed to sponsor or hire nannies here in Qatar. Responses will be appreciated. Thanks!
Where is Souq Waqif located???? Give me the way to go there????
@ Everyone - I'am back to Peru already coz I didn't like the work and there wer women who all over me in offce and bars. I felt unsafe all da time and some men and women wer talking in local dialect abt their gf/bf in office.
I want to learn arabic; can someone advise me a place. I just want to learn spoken arabic not written. Can someone suggest me a place where i can interact in a classroom; not through a computer please.
I was in Aspetar today for an injury and noticed that they have a dental clinic. Since I've been very impressed with the quality of their medical care I thought I'd check out the dental clinic as well. Does anyone know anything about them? Thanks; Expat Sueo
Hello I am new to the forum. I work in Qatar and cannot get to the GP tonight due to work in the morning. I was hoping to watch the GP on televsion. Does anyone know of the channels it may be on. I have showtime; but it is not on there. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks Matt
Is IELTS compulsory for migrating canada for MBA i am on Residence Permanent here in doha.
Life in Doha is sooo good that Im gaining weight again. Can I buy Xenecal (Orlistat) capsules here in Doha even without prescription? Its the only effective way for me to minimize my body's fat absorption. Please advice. Thanks.
Where can I find swimming lessons(beginner) for ladies only
What do you do when you are under pressure?
Qlrs who attended the US educational Group siminar yesterday at the movenpick tower; which University sounded as a Good leveled one;good campus and supports and with an accepted Tuition fees ? Kindly share your thoughts ! Enjoy!
is there something called dunestock? when is it?
I am not giving it back or oin anything to earn it - just would like the money! Thanks Mode
Hello Friends; My family is here in Qatar in visit visa for last 5 months in my personal sponsorship. Now they need to go back and come again on visit visa after 3-4 months. Do i need to get the exit permit for them?? Your answers will be highly appretiated. Thanks in Advance.
can anyone plz help me this problem?..i need to send a mobile phone to (Jaipur) India...i contacted DHL but they are charging very high...is there any other company like DHL? Plz specify... Thanks.....
Dear Friends; Can you please tell me the location for finger print office in doha. Thanks
...i only know one number to dial whenever we are on lunch break and i feel like supper hungry (KFC)... i would like to find a good restaurant who has delivery........please if you know one.... :)) Thank you...... and what is the best food to order in that restaurant???........
Just curious to see if anyone has any good suggestions for places to run in Doha. The only posts I have found say the Corniche. That is kind of obvious :). I go to the Corniche when I get the chance. Other than that I run at Khalifa Stadium. Anyone have other suggestions?
How is the weather like in Qatar? The weather is generally pleasant in winter and hot and humid during the summer months. Winter daytime temperatures average a very pleasant 20-35 degrees Celsius (68-95 degrees Fahrenheit); although nights can be relatively cool. You will need to wear a sweater or a light coat during the winter. In summer; the temperature gets as high as 50 degrees Celsius (122 degrees Fahrenheit). 50Degree??
I went to immigration to get the original visa I applied for my mother. But the reception told me that I can print it from their website. Before; they are issuing the original visa from the immigration. My question is if I print out a copy of my mother visa from their website; would that be enough for my mother to come to Doha without the original? Please help
Hey; Considering a move to Qatar. What do you recommend as a French speaking school? Voltaire or Bonaparte?
my husband and i wish to combine our salary to make it 7k riyal so that we can sponsor our daughter in the philippines. she is 4 years old. is it possible for us to do that. please advise; thank you
Is it mandatory to book return ticket for Indian Nationality on visit visa ?
if I buy RC BAJA 5B SS online and ship it here in Qatar; would it pass customs? Because I heard that I need to be a member of any club for RC enthusiast before I can get one? is is true?
51000 tax free; free accmodation; transportation allowance; World wide medical cover; 30 days paid annual leave and family schooling? They have said their are other family benefits but I am still waiting on further details. Do you think this is a good offer? How expensive is it to live in Doha in terms of food; utility bills etc? Thanks
share best moment of your life
Skype is a site where you are able to contact other people who use this site and also can make phone calls to others worldwide on there mobile or landline phones. I just wondered if this can be used here as I have heard some bad stories of people using this..
Anyone please advise what we can do with a office portacabin. We have a portacabin 10m x 3m with all elctrical connections at mesaieed. If anyone interested to buy then please PM me with contact number. If no buyers then please let me know where we can dispose it. Regards;
Is this True? Toyota Abdullah Abdul Ghani Launched new 3 cars in Doha? Please let me know
Hi Everyone; My husband submitted all required documents to labour department for my RP. I am checking the status but it is in arabi language so I am unable to understand. Can anyone tell me the meaning of the status " "? Thanks in advance.
I just arrived here two days ago; i want to go shopping; is anyone who is interested shopping together with me? We can meet in the shopping center in Doha. just let me know if you have interest; you can send me e-mail zhangnamine@!63.com
Hi friends this is masterio new in QL. Feeling proud to join QL. Have g8 evening everybody
i jus read abt this vasta;can anyone tell me how can dey help in gettin a residence visa/family visa...is it possile 2 get a visa if one doesnt have 7000 salary..pls help urgent
Is it true that a 21 year old patient suffering from thyroidism behaves like a 15 year old?
If I bring my mobile phones from overseas and want to change with a new mobile in Doha; is there any mobile phone shop will buy my mobile phone as 2nd hand price? Thank you.
hi; could anyone tell me where I can find bubble wraps for wrapping parcels/fragile items? I went all around doha; home centre; stationary shops; couldn't find it anywhere. thanks
Hi friends; i have State Bank of India Debit card. i try to with draw the money to the atm. it's not accepted. anybody know which bank atm will accept SBI debit card for withdraw the money
I have a female friend who is leaving for a teaching job in Qatar in January. What would be a useful portable gift to give her to take with her?
Ive jst moved to doha frm dubai. are there any good electronic stores (apart froom carrefour) that sells fridges; washing machines; phone; cameras; etc? Currently Im staying at the Four Seasons in town; so is there anywhere in close proximity to this?
HI ! Just wanted to know is it confirm that it's Ramadan tomorrow ?
Hello; We are looking for one football ground with lights where we can play after 6 pm or so. Can yo please suggest some fields?
Is there anybody know where to buy famous pen?
as a buyer;what is needed NOC to buy a used car in qatar. is there any body have an idea and experience about this. please.. thank
What is your Opinion about a mandatory dress code for Women?
Hello... I was wondering if there is any spanish club or association? or any other Spaniards out there? I will appreciate if anyone let me know. Ps. Mi nombre es Natalia; soy de Barcelona; pero llevo anos viviendo en Asia; en un par de semanas nos trasladan a Doha y la verdad no conocemos a nadie... Hasta pronto. Natalia
Hi all; There is a villa there I would like to check out but since its the weekend and Ramadan I can't get hold of the agents. All I know is that it is in the abu hamour area but that's a pretty big area. It is not palm gardens 2 which is near the rugby club. Anyone have any idea? Thanks!
Just for everybodys information ;what is the reasons for banning crabbing? is it because its breeding season or just they dont want.
Tell me who is your favorite greatest boxer in the world?
We are having problems with ants we have only found ant powder which isn't really appropriate.Can anyone or does anyone know of any other products here in Doha and where to buy them. regards Teresa
Where can i get Glowing stars which can be pasted on the ceiling; which glows in the night??? Had checked out in Baby Shop (Alasmak Mall); who confirmed they dont have it.
Hi ; I would like to know if any hotel;bar or pub is showing live coverage of IPL finals today ....??? Thanks
It has nothing to do with the 60% increase
I was searching for some spare parts for my car; and found the same online in a website "based in China" called "alibaba.com": - anybody heard of the same? - anybody ordered anything from them? - they said that they will send the parts by DHL but they want the payment in advance; can I trust them? any comments on this subject will be appreciated? Thanks
Hi;my wife will be arriving with the new born baby next month. My wife is having RP upto september end. Our child will be 2 months and 6 days old when they arrive. So; is a Visa required for my child? I have heard that for 3 months no visa is required. So please let me know the rule for such a case. Thank you in advance
anybody knows here regarding my outstanding balance in my credit card in mashreq bank. Do I need to pay my remaining balance in my credit card if I will be terminated?
Where can i find good quality Maple Syrup? The particular recipe requires a good "GRADE B" Maple Syrup.Im not sure what that is..help ?
Ive been here to Doha a month ago and I have a business visa. My employer is already processing my working visa. If ever I will resign and tranfer to another company; will I be ban? Or do I have to exit Qatar? What are the problems will I encounter? Please help.
When I was in a restaurant in KSA to eat rice and chicken; they spread a big plastic sheet on the carpet where I was sitting. Then rice will be poured and chicken will follow. There is a nice salad and marinated mix of tomato and herbs to dip the chicken. I have to eat with my fingers because this is more effective than utensils. Is there a restaurant similar to what I mentioned. If there is; restaurant and location please.
Would like to know much would be the fine for not renewing the car istamara after expiry. It is expired since 7 months. Your valuable information will be greatly appreciated
Hi all; which one is the best car inspection in term of time? Thanks
i wanna get some souvenirs to my friends back home ... any ideas what and where can i find them
is there is any such agencies in qatar which will provide temporary maid to work for afew hrs at home on a monthly or daily basis? if anyone knows please provide contact details n location Thanks.
Hi. I am back and i have a new query. =) I am a fresh Graduate from the Philippines. I am visiting qatar this month. I have tickets! I am sponsored by my Arab stepfather. I just want to know if there are lots of job oppurtunities for me there(qatar). I am a nursing graduate but i also consider to get involve in works that are not really related to my course. Thanks for those who will reply.
Does anybody know where I can find fresh unpasteurised cow milk? I'm not looking for huge amounts or anything; just a little. I'm guessing maybe a farm could provide it but I really have no clue where to go. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Does someone know where I can take kickboxing class for beginners? I found somewhere but they only offer Muay Thai. I would appreciate any answer. Thanks.
I just want to ask what is the best brand of smartphone for you like iphone; samsung galaxy; htc and etc. becuase i justwant to purchased i need only suggestion what brand of smartphone to buy and without any problem and give more satisfactory to me as a user thanks for help and godbless.
I cant find any kankura or kankunis herbal tea here in Doha? can you help me where can I find a slimming tea to helps my metabolism. Cause my metabolism is too slow.
So; I have seen that I have been spending money more than usual. So; I need to cut back on expenses!! What are your tips on saving money here?
Will it be a ny problem if i sign in hindhi language in indian passport '
is it safe to drive from Khor to Doha in this weather condition?
the car which i said is for sale has been sold out. How do I remove my advert ??
Please is there anyone knows a phillipine dentist here in doha kindly send to me the contact no.; and location thank you..
I need to buy the best cream for my dry skin; I've tried so many products but with no result. I'll be thankful if you help me to have a good skin cream in order to moisturize my skin and get red of the fine lines as i am still young (26 years old)...... Thank you
how can i know how many points of traffic violation i have on the MOI website. I went there and entered my vehicle number; it only gave me the last violation that i did not pay; but im pretty sure that i have more than 3 points. Thanks..
Can't view photo's on this site. Does anyone know when this problem is going to be fixed?? Thank you
Calling the attention of our Indian friends; please help me locate where can I purchase this sweets. This sweet is a must try...two thumbs up!
Hi guys ; How can I change sponser ship. I am working in qatar last 1 years and 7 months with my first compony. Now I got new Job; my present company is ready to provide watever paper I required to change my visa. Is it possible to transfer visa. For that what I have to do?????? plssssssssssss help very urgent
Does anyone know where or have a contact for the chevrolet service centre?
Hi me and my wife is planning to visit Dubai. I heard that engineers can have visa upon arrival - is it true? Since my wife is under my sponsorship; can she have the visa upon arrival too? Thanks for your info.
Is our manager still sleeping?
Hi everybody; Choosing a good school for your kids is very important but it is difficult here in Doha especially for expats; so please help and share your experience good or bad with us
its my first visit i am from india. i would be staying there for a year at a stretch and have no clue at all. any and each an every info will be helpful help please
I just arrived in Qatar last night ; I am inquiring where to purchase trolls ; they are little dolls with colorful stringy hair ; and they can be big and they can be on keychains ; any idea?
how i can delete my account in Qatarliving.com my account abedlkaderm
Hi Everyone! I am so happy to find this forum and looking forward to hearing your thoughts. We will be moving to Doha this coming summer and are currently weighing our school options. I am looking for more information on ACS International; International School of London; and Qatar Academy. Any information at all about the environment; quality of academics; etc at these schools would be greatly appreciated. Thank you in advance!
I had rented a car from a local company; they needed the car back for 1 day to get it registered. They gave me a loaner car to use and the loaner car broke down while I was driving it. The car rental company is saying its my fault and that I have to pay for a new engine on the loaner car. I refused to pay and the car rental place said it will send it to the police and the courts. I am an American female. any advice?
Friends; Can anyone tell me the contact no. or place of someone who can install Tata Sky dish and do the tuning.
Hi i'm going to Manila after 2 days for 4 days trip. my hotel is located in Makati and i'm going to attend a seminars. can u tell me where shall i go during the day and the night. any beach or something special?
Good Mornings Qatar; Hello friends; I want to buy a handycam (Sony; Panasonic; Cannon). My limit is QR.1;400/- i dont know much about the good specifications. Please help me in buying and for good.will be greatful to you.
My Boss is celebrating his birthday tomorrow and we know he likes carrot cake. Could anyone guide/direct me to a bakeshop/bakery who makes carrot cakes? Thanks in advance.
My co-worker has been working here in Qatar for over 25 years. As per Qatar Law please help me determine the number of weeks he is entitled for his Gratuity payments. I have read that he is entitled for 6 weeks. Is this correct? Kindly cite the article or law which states it. Thanks.
Hi; I want some good soil for my plants. I have both; indoor and outdoor plants. I found shops like Family Food Center; selling big bags of what they say is mud; but I found it to be plain manure. Mud or soil is brown in color; and what FFC sells is manure. Anyone knows where in Qatar can I buy soil? Thanks.
I have Windows Vista Home Premium edition and would like to upgrade; not since i want to; since i am fed-up with Vista-mania. If any1 of u guys has upgraded; i can take your advice while i will upgrade mine. Thanks
Hi I am interested in knowing more about Belgium. How is the place? The cost of living compared to other european countries. Are the people there fluent in english? The modes of transportation and areas of tourist interest? All relevant suggestions welcome. Thank you .
anybody knows where is the new address or exact location of ARAMEX.. these people just sent a txt only for the shipped items but forgot to mention where to get it. thanks
can any one inform me that electronic engineer (B.tech) need to attest his certificate in india before he took any job in qatar. If the person stuided in mumbai where he should attest the copy in delhi or mumbai. if anyone got any idea please inform
Hi; I am a single Indian girl. I am relocating to Qatar in a month. I had a few queries. 1. Can I change my job once I am in Qatar? 2. How safe is it for single girls? 3. How should I go about the accomodation. 4. I have completed my Chartered Accountancy and do not have much experience so what would be the pay I should expect. 5. Are there means to socialize over the weekend?
If my car hit by another car from the back; it means mistake is of that car not my car; so I will go to my insurance company to take expenses or his insurance company? I am confused. Thanks in advance
Was there any rain in Qatar yesterday?
I am looking for a good female OB Gyne Doctor. can anyone please help me? If you know one...can you please say the hours that I can visit. Thanks!
I am a Korean now working in Qatar i have Qatar ID; i need to take Qatar driving licence;is it possible to change Korean licence to Qatar. if any possibilty please give me the direction...
can anyone inform me what is the penalty if someone drive reckless and kill a non qatari non muslim women on any street of doha?
Hello friends; How do we find the exact route to Gulf Helicopters from Ras Abboud bridge... I know it is on the road; after Marriott and Qatar Aviation college. But not sure about the route to reach the Offices of THALES and GULF HELICOPTERS. Is it inside the NDIA project office ? Do we need any other details / documents to reach there ?
I am leaving the country soon and would like to give away three kittens that I have been taking care of over the past few years. Their names are "he"; "she"; and "her" and they are adorable. I need to find them a home before I leave because they will be at great risk if I return them to the street. What is a good way of giving them away?
I hear that the Burberry shop in Villaggio has been closed down as it was selling fake goods. Is this true; anybody know anything about this?
Has anyone purchased an Entertainer this year; the book which is full of 2 for 1 vouchers at various sporting and retail outlets in Qatar. Furthermore if you have could you tell me where you purchased it from; and if it still has 2 for 1 vouchers for rounds of golf at Doha Golf Club in it? Many thanks for your help
What are the documents needed (in the Phil) to bring my family(wife and son) here in Qatar for Family Visit visa? Should they come here on visit visa then later when they are here convert to family visit visa? or direct family visit? Please help....i need them to be here on Jan'2011.
Without going to jewelry shops; what's the best cleaning/polishing solutions for gold jewelry? Thanks.
Good Evening! Its a bit late now but I hope someone would respond. Girl friends and I are going to Barcelona on Friday. Any tips?
Got a parking ticket for parking opposite the city centre a few weeks back. I've been checking for offences online but nothing showing up. How do I pay the fine?
i am a housemaid of a romanian family for more than 3 years and get married with my husband here in qatar embassy. my husband is working in a company with salary of 2000 qr. is it possible that we can have a baby and keep it here. under the visa of my husband? please advice
Iam new to Doha and want to buy Abaya; please tell me the address for any abaya stores .
A friend of mine currently has 3 boys at home with the mumps. All boys were vaccinated and received their boosters. Currently there is an epidemeic in Ontario Canada where they are doing mass vaccinations at universities; schools; hospitals etc. Anyone have kids currently with the mumps; or just getting over them? Has anyone gotten them more than once?
Please can you give me some information about the life of a teacher in Qatar. How much salary does one gets. What usually is the package and offer does the company gives? Thanks
Hi All; I noticed that people selling their cars say that they are "expat" or "expat car". Well; what does that mean? Do "expat cars" bring more value than local folks' cars. I know expat take care of their cars and spend money on it. But; really .. who is an expat. To me .. when I read the advert; I expect an native english speaker or europeans. Is that so? or expat is just everyone who is not local?
I recently got a job offer from Qatar Airways. A total salary package of 13;800.00: Basic 9000.00 Housing 3500.00 Transportation 1000.00 Utilities 300.00 Is this a good offer for Job Grade 7??
Hey guys.. im moving to Qatar in a few months. Is there an IKEA there? where do people usually get furniture from?
where i can find bicarbonate of sodium ...i try many pharmacy but didn't find it. i know its very good for the evacuation of kidney stones??
This is aimed at ex-pats already living in Qatar. I am moving out in early October and would like to ask; what one thing you would do differently (if you had your time again) regarding your move? All help is much appreciated. Thanks Scott
I am looking for a restaurant with a nice view preferably a sea view and much expensive??? this is urgent! thank you
Hi all; I've got 2 Dogs and I usually just get there food from MegaMart and supplies online; I was wondering if there are any good pet stores here in Qatar where I can buy Dog Food in Bulk and good quality leashes/Toys. Names and Directions would be appreciated =). N.
Why do companies recruit Phillipinos coz these ppl nvr can spell a email address/phn number properly?i got 2 cals frm 2 big cmpanies asking me to email my CV.bt both the email adres are wrng when i sent email.these ppl canot pronounc English as English they prounc it as philipin language.crap english..!!
Does anyone know who can rebuild an automobile differential? I have all the new parts;;;bearings; shims etc.
Anyone know a cheap screen printer? The one I've been using has just increased his prices by 75% !!!!!
Where? If not I reckon the demand is there and anyone starting one would make a fortune. The place would be jam packed with rich sleazy locals with their tents pitched!
how will you handle this situation: -you just came back from your arrange marriage and your employer told you to have an "extended holiday" because the company is currently undergoing for merging; they will just notify when they will be needing your services again. suddenly all your dreams just shattered; how will you handle your newly created family life and how will you handle your life now?
Hi All I am joining QF in IT Div and as per offer; they will provide me 1 BHK - Fully Furnished accomodation. Anybody has any idea about QF Housing Facilities?
Aha Drac come back soon..........
Hey i would like to know where in qatar i get some good quality dog accesorries? incl. dog collars; dog bed; bowls?
Hi there; I got an offer to move to Qatar from US I currently have a good position in a good institution I've 8 years experience. The offer is around QAR45k/month with other perks. How good it is? How does it in Qatar in terms of negotiating higher salaries? It's hard to find resources related to Salaries in Qatar ... Thanks ya'll
I would like to know how many doha bank branches in qatar? Please if any body knows.
Can someone tell me where can I go and pay a parking ticket I got near the City Center Mall?
Is anybody tried to use International driver's license here in Doha? Or do we need to take a half course of driving lesson to get a driver's license?
Do you know the Telephone Number of Wakra Technical Inspection?
Hi Everyone; Just moved here a few months ago and i'm thinking about buying a new car; more specifically a Jaguar XF. Does anyone have any idea or recommendations about Jaguars in this country ?
Is there any shopping center in Doha where Laptop and other electronic goods are sold by monthly installment?
I want to buy safety shoe Red wing or Team America looking like an ordinary casual shoe. In saudi its available . I tried to buy in doha but i couldnot find. If any body knows were its avilable in doha please tell me the shop name or the phone number.
Hi Everyone! Need info on the following:- What documents do I need in order to renew my driving license. and where can I get it renewed? Also; how long does it take to process this? Thank you!
Where can I find ground turkey breast? Does anyone know?? and actually bought it?!
As the question says - Where can you get tinted film removed from car windows?
I'm a first timer; and I'm still thinking of what carrier should I choose when buying a phone. Things that I'm looking after are; cost of call; sms; International (Canada; Manila and Singapore). Are there Prepaid and Postpaid subscription as well? What can you say? Muchas Gracias;
Hi ; I recently got an offer with malomita through i2sbs. I was asked to submit my passport and they said that i will be receiving my visa in a A4 sheet. And after reaching qatar only i will be getting my visa stamped in passport is that true?? Please advise... Thanks; Praveen.
Anyone ever tried pumkin jiuce???!!
Hi; We were lookig for a dog/puppy for our family and that is when we came to see Europuppy in the internet. I would like to know if anyone in Qatar have tried to buy from Europuppy. Is it safe to purchase a pet online? What about the safety of the animal? The prices they have mentioned seem to be reasonable. Please do reply; if anyone have had a satisfied experience from Europuppy.
Tan Sze Peng is it a female name?
Hi Thinging about moving to Qatar; am single but am not sure where is the best place for me to live? Should i be considering compunds? Would like to have access to social contact with other expats; as I am coming here on my own. And how much is it a month for a two bedroom apartment? Thanks Londoner78
I've heard that sand storms are pretty common in Qatar. How frequent are they and what are the necessary preventive actions to be taken? Do advise. Thanks! =)
Do you know of a store where i can buy one?
I am buying a second hand car from Cyprus and they are shipping it here with the police clearance from Cyprus. I just would like to know whether i need something from customs; MOI or any government facility here before i can register it to my name. Thanks
my visa is issued and the agency told me it will be going to authenticate it in the embassy here in the philippines how long is the process??? after my visa is stamp what will be the next process?? thanks
Hi; I am looking for primary school for my kid in Doha which provides British curriculum; any idea.
Hi.. Can any one tell me which agency is doing Certificate attestation.. in my company thet are asking for attesed college certificate
If the president of a country has to be treated for gallstone removal (not that difficult) in another another country (Germany); this does not say much for Egyptian healthcare or does it instill a great amount of confidence in your own countrys ability to perform such procedures. What does this have to say about Egyptian trained providers? Mubarak himself shows the way to go - EVASIVE ACTION !
Hi Everybody... Can anybody recommend good Gastroenterologist in Doha?? ... please get me name and contact info if possible. Thanks QL members..
is anyone here knows if it is possible to change my visa and company from being hairdresser to secretary? i am planning to buy my NOC from my present company and planning to move to a new and more decent job which is secretary but i heard that it is not possible to change my profession; is it true? please help me
?
Hello friends; I want to buy some toys for my small kitten. I saw few toys at Qatar Vet Center but I found them very costly. Can anyone suggest me the place from where to buy? Also please suggest what I can buy for her to make her playful. Thanks; Hemali
What is the best ambulance service in Doha? What is their contact number for an emergency?
hi what is the diffrenc between fake ed-hardy clothes and caps --and the origin ed hardy?? is ther is a diffrence? from where can i buy fake ed hardy stuff?
Hi. I'm looking for a lady dermatologist in Doha. Do you know somebody? Thanks!
Guys;;; juz a question;;; What will be ur 1st impression if u see an arab lady/ girl with their national dress;;; "smoking in Public"?
Is there any provision to charge huge penalty for resignation for a Labour Visa??
Could anybody pls tell me how to speak Arabic in a fast way thanks
Anyone knows if they will be holding an open training session; like Man Utd did last year?
Hi. Does anybody know if it is possible to buy car parts from the scrapyard located at your right hand when you drive from Mesaieed to Al Wakra ? I have been down there a couple of times; but everytime I meet a man who doesn`t speak english.
can anyone tell me where dr alex the dentist is please
Is it better to transfer from family to work visa? I got a job offer from Barwa and it includes work visa. Presently; I'm under the sponsorship of my husband. Please reply to enlighten me.. Thanks.
Can a Foreigner (Muslim) marry Qatari Woman ? Any Conditions Apply ?
I have Indian international driving license. can I temporally drive in Qatar using my international driving license?
Does not need to be heavy duty. Can someone Please recommend a brand with reasonable prices for treadmills. Thanks
where in doha can we find a restaurent serving broasted chicken????
Does anyone know if or when the Doha Zoo will reopen? Thanks!
Why did you remove my post which was a satrical take on allowing non-latin script for domain names? Was the fact I was making fun out of people who use the internet for porn to close to home for you? Or did you censor the word porn? If you do not understand my posts moderators I will be happy to explain them to you in more simple language. If you do not find my sense of humour funny that is fine; but why delete it?
I was wondering if anyone has any information about the ministry of health dental exam in doha. Where can i get specific information? and if the american dental board exams allows me to have the permit without doing this exam. Thank you.
hi! I am aboout to go to qatar airways for cabin crew training; I was wondering if anybody could tell me what is the first and 2nd month of training all about? your answers would be very helpful to me
Hi all; Can any body help me to tell the number of Carrefoure Service Center in C ring road. I have a toshiba laptop with issue. I went to carrefore and they told it will take 15 - 30 days to repaire. If I will handover directly to service center it will be more early. I don't know are they lazy... Thankin in advance. Ravi. 55356112
I am looking for an Avery labels; I wonder if anyone know where could I buy them. Many thanks...CRM
Car is Honda Civic
Hi i want Dish TV / Tata Sky; anybody tell me from where i can get or buy Dish TV?? Plzz PM me or send me your contact numbers if someone have dish tv / Tata Sky or have any info?? Thanxx
Dear All; I have changed birthday date in passport due to wrong birthday was written my passport. What is the process to change in Qatari ID. Can you help me to know how i can change it in qatari ID. Thanks.
any suggestions where one can buyy a sea kayak -- a real one; not the sit-on-top kiddy versions -- in doha?
What softwares are you using for downloading movies? I'm using limewire and utorrent. How about you?
do you find it tacky or practical to recycle unused;unopened gifts and give them to other people?i would really love to know your opinions about this matter. thanks.
I'm organizing a party ( house warming party)for my new villa;date(TBA).it's gonna be a BBQ;chatting;meeting new people as well. If you are interested to attend;please confirm with your name to be put on list at the guard( entrance). Note: Organizer has the right to reject or accept any possible guest. CHEERS! Densio
I went for a walk around Aspire Park this morning and noticed some new construction where I parked. Anyone know anything about the new Aspire Hotel? i.e. will it have a bar so we can excercise then have a refreshing drink afterwards?
I have this persian cat that lived with me for over 7years; and after we moved out the house; I placed her only for a night in our neighbours. The next day I came and my cat was gone. Shes been away for past 4 days now. I hope no1 took her and sell her. Shes a female gray perian cat; without a tail. So how can I find her? Any Ideas?
where can i buy chinese mobile phones in qatar....please help me out
Any body can till me if we can bring Natural gas vehicle to Qatar and if there a gas stations (not gasoline)
Hi: Does anyone know if Nokia N900 is compatible with prepaid Hala.I recently purchased this set and cannot seem to recharge my Hala balance using this phone. Everytime I punch in *127#secret no.# I get a message saying incorrect number. Same holds for checking balance i.e.; *129#. Seems the phone does not performm this function. Has anyone else encountered the same? Thanks.
Well iv heard lots of things about the kn filter and thought i might get one installed in my 2009 VXR for about 500QR. Just wanted to ask existing users; is it a good thing to buy? I mean i know that it improves the hp; accelleration..blah blah.. BUT is it worth buying? and Is the improvement recognisable?
Dear.All Where can I find the Kick Boxing course in the Qatar? Can you give me web adress or cominucation infos? Not : I am 36 years old. Is this age late for this type sports? Thanks;
Hi; I have a valid work permit not expiring until next year. My question is will a passport with less than 6 months be a problem when entering the country again? has anyone got an idea or experienced something similar to this situation? Thanks
how good (or bad) are their services compared to let's say Aramex? can anyone please enlighten as i am going to enroll in any one of them? thank you very much!
Can anyone tell me what's happening at QIS? Have heard rumours that the old owners of the school have been asked to leave Doha. Who is running it now? Will there be problems for the students now?
I would like to get a tattoo on the back; does anyone know a pro tattooist here in qatar? please pm me if you do. thanks
hi... what is much better hard panel lcd tv or soft panel lcd tv. tnx a lot........
Hello - can anyone recommend an entertainer for a childrens party - preferably a magician ....?
please tell me of your experiences.. many thanks!
Hi Guys; does any1 knows who is the dealer of mahindra scorpio car here in qatar?
can i renew my wife visit visa (six month)under my sponosrship in post office
Ok; strange question; but does anyone know where body waxing (hair removal) can get done in Doha for men? Only thinking of back waxing; not anything else. Most of the salons are women only. Thanks in advance. Probably not really a family related question; but I'm sure my family would appreciate it when we are sitting at the pool :-)
Can you help me find a good dentist who can do braces for a 10yr old child in Doha ? How much would be the total expenditure ? Or is it advisable to do it from your home country ? If so; what do you do when it comes to follow up consultations ? Please advise..and thanx in advance...
Anybody know whats going on on Al Bidda street tonight??? Trafic is at a standstill...lots of banging noises like fireworks..smoke..its been like that for the past hour.. We can see it from our window but not sure if its a celebration of somekind... Any clues??
I saw a little girl running by the streets ; and she had a cat attached to her ......is that normal in this country?
Dears; Recenlty; I used my car's AC heater; after some time my child said me to switch off the heater; because she felt too hot. Even though I switched off (the knob is in hot position) the AC I saw hot air is coming from the window of the AC. When the car stop the hot air also stop. When the car take speed; the air also come out too hot. Is there any problem in my car AC; it is 2009 model car ? Any one can give an advise ?
i have 103 Q points what they can do for me?
My husband to be is at the moment waiting for his RP. we are getting married in June and then both moving to Qatar. Just wondering; how the visa works?? Can i go under his RP or do i apply for one myself; even tho i wont have a job waiting when i get there?? Very confused; any info would help. Thanks!!
Can anyone tell me of a really good Chiropractor in Doha? I need a total overhall!!
but been here in Qatar for almost 2 years. Testing this site; a friend referred this group to me.
Does anyone know the basic cost of renting a large ATV by the sand dunes in Mesaieed? Also anyone know where you can rent one for a day with a trailer; and the cost of a 450 or larger ATV? Thanks
I'm moving out of Qatar and I want to export my motorbike with my personal effects. I've heard about a required Police Clearance Certificate. Where should I get it? Traffic Police Dept?
if somebody know about come cheap English language center please inform..
Hi I am moving to Qatar in August and I want my daughter's admission in KG1 in a good CBSE school. Which are the good CBSE schools in Qatar (fees is not an issue) and what are the chances of securing admission in Aug / sept. She is currently studying in a CBSE school in Dubai.
why supermarkets not keeping coins?always they are giving chewing gum or chocolate.is it dificult to keep coins in qatar? or this is a business trick? if we argue they will ask coin from us. anyway.... this is not a good habit.
I am looking at buying a digital SLR camera in the next few days; befor I go on my hard earned hols. My current camera has finally bit the dust so I am now looking for something like a Nikon D60/D80 or anything else that is reliable. I would really appreciate any tips on where to go and possible price. Thanks in advance
I am willing to buy a 2nd hand car; do i need to get NOC from my company ? please advise me. As per the new law i heard it doesnt required any NOC from my company...
any imformaton for the cheaper hotel to stay for a men... doha....plz guide any imformaton
Dear friends; Please tell me if I will face a problem if I am carrying my own personal prescription medicines with me to Qatar. I have the prescription of my Indian Doctor. I would have to carry about 365 of those capsules for 1 year of stay in Doha. I think they open and check all the bags at airport. What about sending them by courier to Qatar with prescription? Is it allowed? Thank you; Junaid
Where can I buy good quality tofu here in Doha?
Hi; We traveling to Abu Dhabi tomorrow; My question is if you can pay at the gas stations and the insurance on the border(s) in KSA and UAE with ATM; Credit card or only Cash QAR or only local currency? Can you exchange QAR on the borders? Thank you Regards
hi frnds;yesterday night at 10pm at airportsignal;waiting for the signal to be green.All of sudden the cops came up and blocked all the roads and told to drive off;but the signal is red and along with us in the lane there were other cars too.cops showed us handsignal and told us to drive off;as we moved off the camera flashed and there were couple of cars also alng with me. Will this be a traffic vilation and i wil be fined??? thnks
can anyone help me if plz if there is a Canadian Embassy in Qatar?thankz;;;:p
I am thinking of getting a small permanent tattoo on my finger but i am a bit hesitant on how it will look. So a friend of mine suggested that i get a henna tattoo first. Does anyone know where i can get one and how much would it be?? THANKS
I want a nice place at Doha to celebrate my baby's first birthday Can anyone help me???
My wife is a elementary(Primary) teacher in the Philippines; I'll be bringing my family here soon. If she plan to teach here in Qatar. How much salary she'll expect? Any Philippine School Teacher here? how much salary do they give at Phil School? And what are the Phil. School here in Qatar? Any allowance too? Please.
My 14 year old son is ineterested in learning how to play a guitar. Where can i buy one cheaply and where can he get lessons at a reasonable price.
what weird and wonderful hobbies/jobs are there in doha?? do you have one? does your friend??
when is the usual winter season.... last year it was this time right? waiting to use jerkins and heaters.....!
My wife was went to al khebra school near MES school;she did full course (auto gear) she was fail on Road 4 times unfortunately..i know her driving is good coz she have driven our country too;hope we have waste time and money;what is the purpose they are doing we dont know;im looking for good school she can take the license's.without any problem. thanks
can i withdraw money from my ibq credit card in the philippines? im in the philippines now.. thanks..
hello guys and gals..could anyone of u knows where to buy a good and originals RC helicopters and toy guns here in qatar..im longin for this toys but its nowhere to find.. thanks
lol :)
I will be working for a local educational establishment; my wife following in a few months; also linked to education and although a fully furnished property is supplied; is there anything missing that you got there and thought - wish I brought that!?!?
Where in doha can I find an affordable; yet good-quality car paint retouch service? Usually; how much does it cost here?
Subscription request denied for Filipino expatriates in Qatar... what are the requirements? How to join a group?
I'll be going to my country by the end of this month. Me and my childrens' RP will expire in Dec/Jan. Can I renew my RP before 2 months from its expiration date. Because I don't want to come back and waste my money on tickets and then go back. I'll be going for a long vacations. Please advise me.
Good morning; Can anyone help me to find a good place to buy dress farics here in doha? I've been looking and the only place i found was in souq waqif but i am wondering if is there any other place? Please if anyone can help me it would be great. Thanks
I have been offered a position as Country Manager for an international company; the offer is as follows: Salary - QR26K pm Housing - QR26K pm Transport - QR2.5K pm Signing Bonus - QR90K Setup Allowance - QR20K Schooling Medical Can you tell me if this will support my family of 5 (2 adults and 3 kids)
My sister's visa came out under business visa.Could anybody give me an idea or layout as well in making a business invitation letter from the sponsor coz the sponsor doesnt have idea?All idea will be highly appreciated.Thanks and have a nice day to all!
. I have been charged QR.2800 on a 3 year R/P renewal whilst the tariff says a 20% discount is available for 3 year renewals! Any one knows what is the calculation for 3 year discounted R/P charges ? (No explanation received from counter staff)
What do local women wear under their abayas?
We are decided to buy one 40" LCD TV. Can anyone suggest which company and which series having all USB port; connection with computer; DVD; handy cam......?. Our budget is 4 - 4.5K. Kindly Suggest.
Ahoy there fellow primates V 3.0 Any Richard Dawkins fan around?
Thinking of driving from Qatar to Sweden...what do you think? Possible or not? Advice?
Hi; Not sure if anybody has done this before; but i have quite a few old (3-4 years old) residence visa stickers from Kuwait in my passport. Can i remove them? Is this allowed? I need more empty pages... its almost full.
How much is the salery for a waiter whit 6y experiance and from sweden. gonna ork in a hotel
Hi again; We have a 6 month old boy and want to introduce him to the water and swimming as soon as possible. Does anyone know of this type of session going on in Doha? Thanks very much. M
Is it allowed for a non-Qatari recent graduate to submit his/her resume there?...I will appreciate your advice. Thanks.
Where can we buy remote control for Humax decoder?? Appreciate all advices...
Any idea whether a lego store would open up in the upcoming Gharafa Mall ??
I went to Mitsubishi Showroom Salwa and asked the price for Lancer 2009 model 1.6L...The last price they can give around 54k with full option but w/o sun roof. Is this good price?
From where can i crack my PSP??? thnx in advance!!
hello and salam to all. I am new member;Hope all of you are enjoying your summer holiday or will be enjoying it soon. Mrs. Rose (:
Hi anybody knows a restaurant offering this delicious meal usually available in Saudi. Where can I buy it; here in Qatar? thank's Im starving! ;(
Marhaba!!! :) friends please do the needful help.. any idea where can i enrol for arabic class?? please give advise.. thank u :)
Dear Ql members; Am planing to go UK for job and settle there; here anybdy knws where can i get all these information regarding UK jobs or visa related; any consultancy or anyone can help here...to start my process..
hi; can anyone lemme knw where to get the prices of new cars of various brands in qatar. rgds; mukunthan
Please tell me where is the location of the Emir Cup's Match on 16th may.. and from where i can collect the tickets for it. Thanks in Advance
anybody know about the salary required for getting family visa
I have nokia cell phone in india can I use the same cell phone in doha by just changing the sim..or do I need to buy another cel phone in doha.
hi i want to know where can i get a universal charges for my sons laptop???Which shops and how much will it approx cost. Not too expensive.
Hi all; I am planning for a road trip to dubai from doha next week. I saw in some posts that If I use the sand like spray; i have to polish the car to remove it. Some said using dish washing liquid is the cheap and best option. Does the dish washing liquid damage the car paint? My car color is black; so I am a bit concerned.
Hi we need to report a minor accident; does anyone know if the traffic dept is open today (National Day)?
Hi; good morning. I have a question regarding on my NOC because my previous company lost my original copy of my NOC. My question is immigration will accept it even this is only a copy??
Hi; From Canada; and looking to meet up with some moms with little ones. I have 7 year old twins; and was wondering if any other chicas wanted to get together and hang out. Kat
May the angels protect u may the sadness forget u may goodness surround u and may God always bless u Happy Easter to one and all!!! Whats cooked for today? Kitty is hungry already :D
I was working in a Qatari Company for 2 years I had to go to my Country and for some reasons my Resident VISA Got expired. I have come again on the same Company on VISIT VISA and for last 06 months; I am working. My salary has been transferred to same OLD Bank Account. Can I apply for SCHENGEN VISA and How ?
Hello everybody... Good Day! I just want to ask if it is possible to work there in QATAR without cancelling my work visa here in Bahrain; because my employer refused to cancel my working visa here in bahrain. Is there any other option? pls. help me guys.. May God Bless you all..Thank you so much
I have been homeschooling my daughter for over 3 years since the start of her education and have no desire to send her to a public institution regardless of how highly rated it might be. Does anyone know firsthand if there are any regulations regarding this? We will be moving to Doha after Ramadan; I have asked my husband about this but he can't seem to find the answers.
Hi Does anybody knows where can i get Gerber Cereals here in doha. I was getting it in Shoprite only.but now its out of stock there. So where else is it available???? Thanks
Hi Guys; I heard from a friend of mine that the government has stopped issuing ID cards to new rp holders. Instead they will be issuing smart cards but after some period of time. is this true ???
Hi; I am moving to Qatar in the next couple of weeks and we will be living in Al-Gharrafa. What's this area like? I also have a 6 year old boy so any schools near this area? Thanks in anticipation
Hi My daughter is due to sit entrance exams for a start in Sept 2010 in year 7 (11+) stage. Anyone got any tips or insider info on what she needs to study to help her? Any advice gratefully received!
Hi Has anybody heard of any changes to the tourist visa rules;believe u cannot avail the same anymore from the immigration at the Airport and have to be done only thru the hotels.
Does anyone know how to get VOIP service from qtel? I'm trying to set up a VOIP network at home instead of using normal phone lines but dealing with customer service is torture.
Hi All. I will travel to Qatar in a month fro Europe in order to join a company. How long does it take a resident visa to be issued? Can someone rent accommodation without a resident visa? If not whare can he live? Thanks
i been cancelled by my sponsor of karwa my question is can i back to doha as business visa in plzz answer me a soon as posible
Hello everybody Please read my great experiance. If you are purchase any items from the LULU CENTER you would not get any guarantee because they are not the responsible person and they will sent you to the real dealer. If you are going to the dealer they will not treat you as their own customer because you did not the purchase the goods from them. So take care in the future
I am an American with a job waiting in Qatar. I have been told Qatar is not giving any Americans work visas currently. Is this true? Can I expect Qatar to give visa and RP at some future point? Thank You
Who's with me?????????????been at work from 6am.......... how about you? what are you still doing at the office right now?
Dear All; I want to bring one of my friend under VISIT VISA who was my class mate in Philippine. But could you tell even though VISIT VISA is only for 1 month; is there any possibility to EXTEND VISA at least for another one month. If anybody can help me in this regard; highly appreciate. Thx.
can someone please tell me why i can not log in to my yahoo mail or yahoo messenger? it always say cannot find the server;anybody can tell me what to do? please;thanks
Does anyone know if the fish market is open on Fridays and at what time? If the fish market is not open; can you recommend any other fish market (not Carrefour)... I am looking for jumbo shrimp at prices similar to fish market. Thanks!
anybody knows where i can buy original leather jacket????(from pakistan)thanks......
Chinese Crackers; what are they made of? Will i add weight by eating too much of that?? Note: I love these crackers
Dear Friends; I am planning to buy a second hand (used) Toyota Corolla Car and i found few 2007 models in QL. I belive there will be many people here in QL who have tremendous experience and knwoledge aboout cars and price. so seeking your advice on this So how much do you think i shoudl pay for a low mielage (50;00 kms) 2007 Model toyota corolla car ( car is in good shape ) please advice regards.
Friends! Share your favorite Quotes with us... The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. - Albert Einstein
im comin to qatar in next 2 days. I want to buy an msi g series laptop. Its model name is msi g683r. Can anyone guide me where can i get this laptop? I heard about the electronic market in qatar. Please let me know as fast as possible. Thank you.
My wife is currently on vacation in Australia to visit her family. I am planning to surprise her by sending a dozen of red roses. Any trusted website?
Hi QL members...we are a new business entity in Qatar and looking for a reliable Website Design company who can do high end programming sites.. Is there anyone in Qatar i can approach? or should i look at outsourcing? .. Thx
Can anyone who know/represent this Islamic political party enlighten me on why this party came to power?
is there a place for a band practice here in doha?
Hi; My car's registration validity finishing next month.Model is 2004 Kindly advise the formalities for re registration. Before how many days I can do it?
It seems as though it's been a long time since our last get-together in November. Let's do lunch next Monday and get caught up on all the news. PM me for time and location. Mandi
can anyone give me a good heath and fitness (gym) location situated in an around lulu hypermarket or al hilal or mamoura area.
Does anyone know how to find Google? I tried to Google it but found myself stuck in a paradox loop.
Which are the best serviced apartments for expats living/working in Doha along with family (wife and baby) ?
Haha :D Just for FUN !
As Christmas is fast approaching; something to get in the HO! HO! HO! MOOD ;p
I have an RP now; and am getting conflicting answers from my company. So far they have said that they can pay for a visa on entry; then they said that they need a family visit visa - so which is it? They are only staying for about 10 days.
hi guys! I am planning to buy a piece of jewelry; but i want to know which is better for investment.. gold or diamond earrings?thank you for your inputs!!
I am a fresh graduate of MBA-Finance; just started ACCA last year.. I want to start internship with an audit firm. For this i want to know the names of some good audit firms except Big 4; with good client base. Because Big 4 audit firms normally dont entertain fresh graduates. This is the reason i am looking forward to join B grade audit firms. Please list some names. Thanks
i am currently working here in dubai and i got an offer from qatar company.. they offered 8000QAR +camp accommodation +meal and transportation is provided by the company... will this be enough to accept the offer? how good is the transportation there in qatar?
Hi; Would anyone know of any organised tennis competitions in Doha? Many Thanks Jessica
Please advice me any good nurseries which is till 3. Contact numbers if possible... Thanks in advance!
Im looking for a car for 1 month used for me to used daily for my work and business. i hope i can find and u can suggest wer can i find good car here in qatar
I had an interview with department head and lead people ( not HR )at QP for the Grade-13 post.. and they said they will inform me the next procedure like medical chekups etc.. Does anybody have the idea how much it will take to complete the procedure and when can i get the offer letter. and please do let me know what will be the approximate salary and other allowances. If anybody have any idea; please share with me. Please.....
does ah phone number now can eat like ah chocolate?im only looking 4 help and advice!i have no business 4 grls..anyway tnx 4 ur reply....
Our baby is scheduled for his six month vaccination and we we wondering where to take him. some people say it depends on the freshness of the vaccine. are all common vaccinations available everywhere. Price is not an issue as long as our boy is safe; preferably afternoon clinics.
hello i am moving from the US to Doha end of Jan. I am looking for a female arabic teacher that can come and teach me Arabic at home. I want to learn to speak arabic; but also would like to learn how to read the Quran; as i am a muslima and never learned. Can someone give me info on how to find an arabic teacher; that will come home and teach.
Hi all; I'm coming in 2 weeks to Doha and I was wondering how's the weather in december. Should I bring winter clothes? Jacket? Coat? Wool etc... I can see in the forcasts that it can go down to 10deg sometimes but this doesn't mean much since there's a lot of factors for example 10deg Celsius is ok in Boston but if you go to washington you're gonna freeze in 10deg C TY
hi and hello i need cats or kittens if you have because my cat deid yeterday :[ but you can help me if you have cats i will buy but the priceshould be between 100-150 you can help me :] if you can call me my number******6983357****** hotmail******salmankhan_tweety@hotmail.com******
hi friends! can u plz help me; i want to study engineering and i cant decide between CNA-Q and QU(qatar university) ;;; so plz advise which one is better .. thanks in advance.... =)
Hi All ! Appreciate your suggestions for A Birthday Gift for 7 years old girl (daughter of my friend ).. Thanks in advance.
Its Halloween again...do u celebrate it? can you share one eerie experience of yours...
hello everyone; is the any papers required for transfering of the car registration; Can any one help me on this
where to enroll my 6 years old a karate class
what is the cheapest airline to Jordan and how much cost the ticket ? travel in 27 of january and return after one week.
Discussing with my company regarding annual increment of allowance. Is there any official statistics about increment of prices in Qatar? Something official statistics agency; Central Bank of Qatar or similar?
I am considering a job offer in Qatar and have been looking on this and other sites for info. I have a 12 year old conviction of GBH for which I received a 250 GBP fine. This has been considered spent in the UK for 7 years. Does anyone know wether this is relevant to obtaining a work visa(I do not work with chidren or vulnerable groups)? Thanks in advance.
Is this true that air India Express flights allows 10kg extra by paying QR. 100 over the allowed 30 Kgs whrn travelling to India?
I am selling one month old car; 1600 KM; GMC Yukon Danali; FULL options; white The price of the car is around 230;000 NEW. This is 2012 model. How much do you think it will be sold from new price? Car is excellent; of course brand new; even the plastic seat covers are on it.
salaam-hello can anyone tell me what are the laws about car seats for children in Qatar? I'm sure I can buy them there but also wondering if I should bring what I have or buy there . thanks!
I am planning to organize a community service specifically beach cleaning to be carried out by our company staff. Any good suggestion of a beach? Anyone who can assist me please. You may reach me by email : sanedr@hotmail.com or mobile 55172547
I heard that I have to take green card for vaccinating my child from NHA near Abu Hamour petrol station. Is there any fee for taking green card?
Among the 4 mentioned cars which one is the best for personal use. Not for selling withn 4 years. It is for my family use only. I need all type of good options; and looking very good;etc
Can anybody help me on how to get rid of black warts in face and neck areas
Can Anyone tell me prices of new German cars in Qatar and deals available. Thanks
Do any one know company who can do Business plan and business research ?
Is there a Brazilian (male or female) in Doha who is willing to assist me in learning/speaking Brazilian language for say 1 hour per week? I am studying but need practice in pronunciation particularly. I am willing to pay a reasonable rate. Any willing helpers?
can anybody help me to find the location of canara jewellery Thanks and regards
Please recommend a good place to buy plants: both outdoor ones for the garden and indoor ones in pots. If possible please give directions to the shop/market. Thanks!
My daughter will be celebrating her 1st Birthday @ KFC this February. I am planning to bring food from outside to accommodate the adult visitors. Can you please recommend someone who can cater Filipino Food on that celebration and affordable one? Thanks in advance!
Anyone know of any decent used cars yards with a decent range of vehicles; from say yr 2003 onwards. I seem to only be able to find used car yards with nearly new cars at nearly new prices. Am looking for a SUV/4x4 2003 model onwards; four door models of Jeep; Land Rover; Toyota; Subaru; if anyone knows of something reasonable.
Which is a good bank as per your experience in Doha
What is the monthly cost of living in qatar for a family of 4? is 2000-3000$ considered enough?
Dear Users; I'm trying to register a .qa domain; what are the procedure and where from I register one. Thank you;
Can you please share with me your experience in Aquapark. I would like also to confirm the following information: Entrance Fee : 100/head 3yrs old below: free Family of 6 : 400QR only (is this family of 6 or group of 6?) Opening Closing Time Is food allowed to bring inside? Appreciate also if someone can give me the direction on how to reach the place. Thanks in advance.
I know it gets extremely hot there in the summer months. Does anyone know how hard it is to deal with the heat when you have asthma? Also is it dry heat or muggy and humid?
Who will be next prime minister of india? Please answer giving a reason. Who do you guys think should be the best in this difficult times?
Dear QL friends; my family left out of Qatar on 31st of January 2013 and plan to come back to Qatar on 28th of July 2013. (Their RP were renewed till may 2014 in January 2013). Is there any problem in the immigration at the airport because they are out of Qatar almost 6 month. Your advises are greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Any idea who won the QTel draw? I didn't see it in any papers. Can anyone reply with a source? Thanks.
We are struggling to find a school place and are thinking of home schooling. Does anyone know anyone who does this in Doha? Does anyone know any activities that my children of primary age could do so they still meet people? (clubs; activities; extra classes etc)
My Wife is planning to come here in Qatar. She wants to be familiarized first with Labor Code of Qatar as per requisite in the Human Resources Services.. Can some body help me to secure a latest copy of Labor Code which is English translation.. Thanks
who is the founder of Qatar Living?how many members do we have right now? I mean total average active qlers;is there any shop in doha in which we can buy T-shirt;logo's;mugs or anything to recognize that we are part of this growing community;how about anniversary date of qatar living?
Any one tell me how to drive to LU LU from TV RA
Long ago; Men who sacrificed their love; youth; parents; identity; laughter and their happines were called SAINTS! Now they are called HUSBANDS!
Hello Friends; Please advise me; a lady can bring her husband in family visa in Qatar?
Which bank is best for personel loan with lowest interest rate and 60 months or more terms. (Also that does not cheat by steep increase in interest rate after we make a deal). I have experience with Doha Bank and CBQ which they increased Interest rates.
Is there a store in Doha that either sells the PS2 Slim modded or that can mod an existing PS2?
I have been looking for months for a judo club. There's a federation here but when i contacted them they couldnt really tell me where i could find a club for my son. It seems that judo is taught here in schools but only for qataris! There must be a club somewhere in Doha that accepts non qataris. Does anyone know of a judo club; my son is 5 years old. thanks
Hi Guys Pls help me in knowing that i am presently on business visa ; can i call my wife on family visit visa. If yes then kindly let me know the process.
I am planing to Buy a SLR camera.pls suggest a good one. My budget - QR- 2000/-
We now feel ready to explore Qatar and was wondering if anyone can suggest a sandy beach that's suitable for young children? Directions would be appreciated as we haven't been anywhere outside Doha. Thanks
Actually I'm not interested but a friend of mine is bothering; so where the heck are they giving tickets for this show? Is he really performing or what?
which is the best place to walk or jogg in qatar? ofcos corniche is there but isnt there anything quieter and calmner??
Hi all; I am seriously considering moving to Qatar. I've just finished my PhD in civil engineering (Geotechnics); I have only 1 year experience. I am German. How much should I expect in Qatar now? Do you think it is better if I work here in Germany for like 5 years before i relocate? Starting salary for civil engineers in Germany is about 10000 QR; so not really much! Best regards
What do you think about it? After paying for the membership fee; we still have to pay for the entrance fee. Is it fair enough?
All you sinners come and confess on this thread or go and post on 'I'am not a Stupid QLer Thread' My confession - I love cookies more than the chocolates and my parents don't know about it.
Hi; I will arrive from Montreal to stay with my family in aamal tower in WestBay and would like to Know if there a Tunisian/Arabic or French Daycare in Doha and better if it is close to the WestBay area and also it helps to know how much tuition fees it costs for 4 years and 8 months old boy. Also; is it too late to register for daycare In Qatar if I arrive around October 1st ?
We are moving to Doha in the new year. Someone mentioned you are not 'allowed' to have pictures of living things in your home. Is this right? Do i leave paintings of living things (even animals?) at home? What can I expect?
I am loooking into hiring a car with a driver; have heard some agencies here in DOha do it...any tips?? Many thanks
Is there any website to watch India-Pak cricket match online. Thank you very much.
Hai Friends........ Any one knows the location of watar theme park in qatar; Is it beatiful? childrens have enough ride?? and howmuch fee Thanks
how much it will cost for a visit visa
If you could invite 10 people; ANYONE; famous; historical person; sport star ; actor; etc. dead or alive (they would be alive for your party) to your home for dinner; who would you invite and why?
I know Katara is having fireworks during Eid but what else is going on during the holidays?
I was just wondering whether or not Xbox 360 games sold in Qatar were NTSC or PAL? The reason is I own a PAL console and so hopefully Qatar games are in PAL. PS. If you own some games brought from Qatar and don't know you can just check the back of the box and see whether or not it says PAL or NTSC. Thanks in Advance :)
today morning im in the office there is a new number calling in my phone; i did not heared because my phone is divert.I call that number one man he answered and he asked my ID number. I ask him why he want my number?he not answer me and he refuse it.how many times i call that number but always the line is busy. anybody can tell me from which company this number +923464606462?
I wish to take my Car(Toyota corolla 2003) to india; is it expensive? can any body explain what are the procedures please?
Hi; Does anybody know where I can buy a fairly large 'Welcome Home' sign to string up on a wall? Thanks!
Hello Can any one answer me!!! Dual/Double Sim card mobile can be used in Qatar? Does Qtel have any policy regarding this?
Everyone was seated around the table as the food was being served. When little Logan received his plate; he started eating right away. "Logan; wait until we say our prayer;" his mother reminded him. "I don't have to;" the little boy replied. "Of course you do;" his mother insisted; "we say a prayer before eating at our house." "That's at our house;" Logan explained; "but this is Grandma's house and she knows how to cook."
What do you think of it?
Will miss you all. Have a great time as always. All the Best. God Bless. Signing Out.
I would like to buy a new or secondhand piano (NOT an organ). Does anyone know where to get one in Doha?
I need help to contact American or Baptist Churches in Doha
I'm going to Madrid tomorrow! With my lovely Wife and my Mother in law; who is also lovely. We are meeting with a very cultured friend who's Lady friend lives there so he visits the city regularly and knows the city like the back of his hand. Should be great. Wish me luck.
Hi; I am coming on tourist Visa; while waiting to get my residence permit. Can I drive using an international driver licence and for how long?? (I found some old info on this but want to get an updated picture)..thank you very uch.
Does anyone know if there is a dog kennel/hotel in Qatar; where we can have someone to look after our dogs; when we go on vacation? Best regards..
i have a male gray persian cat and im travelling for two monthes and i need to leave it in any place if some one can pls take good care of him for taking not more than 600 riyals per 2 months pls answer is u are interested pls call 4474065
I hv installed smartvoip and for that i think i need to buy some card to make call... do we have agents in qatar from whom i can buy it. Is it legal to use it? Thanks
Hi; I am currently looking for a security based job in Qatar. As an ex British soldier; I can adapt and learn very easily and with my past experience I will be looking for a reasonable salary. Can anyone recommend any companies that I can apply to please? Any help would be really appreciated.
What is the point? What is in it for the ones that get there? Let's leave the purpose of hell for another thread. I invite you to ponder. You can quote scripture or Sura's etc if you want but you must expand upon them with your own thoughts.
how much i must pay for a driver that lives in muaither; he will pick me with his car from my house in(muaither) to school in (new rayyan) then from school to my house. 24-25 days in the month plz i dont have any idea about drivers and transportation how much monthly pay??????????
How can one check the history of the car like maintenance; accident or service history. In every advertisement of the car; people used to write "Accident Free"; but in most cases; car have at least one or two accident; which is not easily detectable through Car Inspection Company. Share your opinion in this regard.
Is the TV signal in Qatar Digital? Is a digital set top box required. If so will a UK set top box work? I have a spare one in the UK and wondered if it was worth bringing to Qatar with me. Regards
I am a male nurse;passed qatar prometric exam and my dataflow is on process in SCH. I got an offer from an employer;but i am having doubt that whether i can start my work or not?What are all the next steps i have to do?If anyone can clarify my doubt;it will be very helpfull for me. thank you in advance.....!
More handsome and attractive? who? Pakistani guys or Indian guys....
hi i am an indian guy wrkng wid qatar airways ..i want to buy a GMC sierra..do i require a qatari sponcor for it or i can buy it in my name ?
What is the best place now in Qatar to spend the Eid holidays
I just lost my wallet; somebody stole it in my back pocket. Is there any way i can retrieve all my id's and license? nevermind about the money.. all i care about are my id's.. :( I really thought those kind of people doesn't exist here in Doha.. :(
fell in love with samsung s3 today;what a beauty! Should i buy it or wait for iphone 5? What do u suggest?
I keep hearing of a company that gives you a stateside or England address and you can order items and have them shipped to this address. They will then forward it to us here. I think is is called Amermex but I can't seem to find the company on the web. Any help out there?
. What would you do if you find out that the gift that you have given to someone was put on sale at the classified with a label "unwanted gift"? .
hi....anyone doing pakistani facials in doha....my wife wants to know.........
Can anybody advice on the best and resonable Indian Scool in Doha.How to get admission.
Can anyone help me to give me a technician's contact number to fix my dish anteena problem; I lost connection due to last days rain; I tried a lot yesterday but I could't fix myself.
Hi there; Does any of you know what are the criteria/requirements for a women to sponsor her husband in Doha? There is a minimum salary; it is possible; etc.? Thanks!
Hi; I'm planning to buy a car; which is better honda civic or hyundai santa fe; both 2011 model? Just new here in Qatar. Could you pls give some feedback/reviews?
It is almost impossible to go to Souq Waqif now a days in the evening and expect to find a parking place. Does anyone know when these Celebration events in the Souq Waqif will end?
I heard a rumour that showtime don;t have the rights next season to show premirship footie. Is this right? If so which channel as the rights now? Also is it still al jazeera who has the rights for the champions league? I;m on showtime package now butthinking of switching to mosaic esp if showtime don;t have the premiership.
i had an appointment with doctor for pregnancy problem;i mean problem in concieving.......doc told me that i have PCOS..is this condition very dangerous.has she given me the medicine glucophage for that?bcoz after taking that i do not have hunger.....i feel full everytime........or is this a hunger reducing tablet;i am overweight toooo much...will this tab help me loose weight.... please help. thanx
I wish to admit my kid to one of the Indian schools in Qatar. Which is better; DPS or Santhinekethan? Please post your comments.
Good day everybody; I am looking for an outsourcing company that will manage the accounting function within our company. It is common practice in the UK and I was wondering if the service was also available here. Thanks in advance for any replies. Regards Enufoo
Where can we find establishments here in Qatar who offers Prometric Examination for nurses? A license that must secure to those seeking for an hospital employment. Waiting for your answers.Thank you.
Hi Apple; Can you help me; I am a electrical engineer and a hepatitis b carrier; I would like to work in Qatar;can I get resident visa?
Hello Everybody! Just want to know whether I can change or take a new admission in a other Driving school if I had taken admission priviously in a different driving school. One of my friend told me that if once i take a admssion in a driving i cannot change the school anymore even though my test are over . Please need your help in this regard. Thanks In Advance.
Hi; can someone provide a link to post office locations in the Qatar or specifically tell me where the Hilal locations are. Btw; is mail reliable to North America from Qatar or does one need to register the mail at the post office as in done in Kuwait for mail to reach its destination? thanks!
Can someone confirm if this is true? A friend of mine just told me that they are no longer issuing visit visas to anyone. Two people have already mentioned to me that they dont issue it anymore at the Airport office. What about the immigration office? Have they stopped it there too?
What about Chevrolet Aveo cars in Qatar Market. is it expencive or not in maintanance? I mean spare parts and repare;also in resale value
We brought our Panasonic 5 gigahertz cordless phones with us from the U.S. and charge them via transformers. They work OK; but not great. Anytime I walk upstairs I lose the signal. Do *any* cordless phones work well in these concrete block homes? Any thoughts? thanks; Expat Sueo
Anybody know where the Royal Wedding will be shown at? I mean; which TV channel and what time? Thanks before!
Does anyone know where can I find scrap power steering pump? Any specific place in Industrial area??
how many of you logon to QL after your working hours?
Since 2002 I am working with same sponsor .Any one can tell me that how I can change to another company
At October - November in Doha; there will be transition from summer to winter. There will be a lot of Thunder / Lightning / Flash. How to Calculate The Distance between us to The Thunder Light ?
Hi everybody;Somebody hit my car ; the back side bumper is damaged; So I told police and they asked to come later. Will insurance pay my loss? I have a third party insurance. Thanks in advance!
can you find cheerios in Doha???
Hello everybody; I'm looking for a 2nd hand guitar here in quatar; I'm a beginner so I don't need a really good one; but just one in order to practice usually. Thank you and regards; Kidi
Dear friends; I am currently working in qatar and planing to go cancell. I have a estimara expired vehicle under my name which can not be renewed the estimara due to high repair cost.it does thave any fine except estimara expired time fine. My quoestion is can i go with cancellation by having a properti (CAR)under my name. Please advise on this please.
i don't use much qatar living; but still i visit daily.. ;) just reading forums; comments.. and some time i comment also.. always tried not to miss comment of pajju; britexpat.. cox the one was funny and other is too much informative and well mannered... but now the question is that where is Pajju.. long time i didnt saw any comment of him.. is he alright???
Hi; please advice me; my company terminated me;then they are ready to give Noc if i got new job. the problem is i having a car loan and credit card payment;; what is the procedure?i am searching for new job..any problem to change sponsorship? Please help me to give right answers.. Thanks and Best regards
where is the best drinking in qatar for americans men looking to meet women?
Please let me know the exact place to get a Parker pen(Gold colour) Thanks
"Home centre" or "Homes r US" ? Furniture price wise; which one is offerring lower price? And quality wise which is better?
I've been reading a lot of stuffs in QL about good dentists but there's only few; and barely any topic on Dental braces. How much does it costs initially and monthly maintainance? Any dentist you can recommend who specializes on this?
Hi; I am coming in doha for 1 month visit. Can I drive in Qatar for 1 month with my dubai license. If so any conditions are there?
dear all; who knows very regarding the visa procedure; i am going to bring my mother-in-law for next month so what are all document to submit in the embassy to get the visit visa or tourist visa. give me good reply.
i want to buy new mobile.... and i want to know which mobile is best is under 2000QR....
Rescently we shifted to a new room; because we are looking for a better one... but unfortunately; there we got our tiny friends called d' BED BUGS!!! we can deal with cockroaches but these; this was our worst nightmare... I just want to know if what the ways that i can get rid of these BED BUGS effectively? any suggestions will be willingly accepted.
Hi there; does anybody work for the company called ETA STAR i am due to start for them in jan as a project manager. just some feedback would be great cheers al
My husbands contract will be terminated soon. i am currently on his sponsership( dependant visa) working in senior position. can i sponser him and my children if my company agrees to change my sponsership from his to company;s ? What is the procedure for this? kindly reply thanks
Is the home centre promotion still going on? Does anyone know the last date of the promotion/sale?
Does anyone know of a good OBGYN in Doha
Where can I find Doha fridge magnets (Obviously the one with the word 'Doha' or 'Qatar' printed on it)? I've been collecting fridge magnets from countries I've been to but unfortunately I haven't had any success looking for this kind; not even in Qatar Duty Free. Any idea? (:
hello eveybody; I am planning to come to Doha in late august early sep bcz my fiancee has a job there. Im a trained english language teacher and would like to find out where I could find some employment in the city ..... any advice will greatly be appreciated
eye contact leads an spark to your heart.....
Are there many Russians; Georgians; Ukrainians or any guys from USSR live in Qatar? Are in Qatar Russian school ? If any one have information; please advise me. Thanks
hello does anybody know where to find paint (to paint the walls inside my house) in Doha ? thanks for your help S
is there a skatepark here in qatar beside the one from al-khor.
How safe is it to download stuff from torrents here? Do the internet providers keep a track of data/movies or anything at all that we download?
hey guys; anybody who knows the requirements for the affidavit of support in philippine embassy?
My father and mother are coming to qatar for 4 weeks holiday. If my father has an international driving license can he drive my car legally with no problems with the police if there is an accident.
ideally looking at budget of around Qr100;000; and should be good for off road. Any ideas?
Let me know from the user of 'TATASKY receiver'; whether they face any problem with the signal quality during the day time. Now-a-days; in the day time the signal is so weak for the TATASKY RECEIVER. Do you all face the same problem or the signal is good for you in day time? If the signal is good; please suggest a technician for me. Regards/RK
I know it's illegal to use a mobile phone while driving; but is it allowed to use a headset (e.g. a Bluetooth) while driving? I want to make sure that I'm OK doing it *before* I get into deep trouble. Thanks; Expat Sueo
Which car company has a good after sale service and strong customer support? Kindly advice as per your experienced. Thanks;
Does anyone know where I can get a turkey from. I have tried Mega-mart.
Why she looks at me by turning back? Why she makes me fall in love without loving me?
Could you please advice shops in Doha to get some outfit for fancy dress party in... Got not much time till weekend really. Ta!
Are the items inside Doha airport (Duty Free) cheaper compared to those that are sold inside the malls?
Guys When is the Egypt Vs Algeria Match?? What Channel is it playing???
can you deferentiate the difference between loving a person and liking a person
A warm greetings to all members; I have a valid UAE Driving License and interested to obtain Qatar Driving License; what are the procedure? Things or documents to prepare? Do i still need to go for a driving lessons? Thank you so much..
Coming to Qatar soon; and brining my dog (small Yorkie) fancy a nice apartment but unsure if the general rule in Doha will be NO Dogs allowed!! in apartments; even small dogs. Is that likely to be he case and should go for a villa?
Anybody know any evening swimming classes offered in Doha for adults only; maybe 3 classes per week possibly. Thank you.
Dear friends; I am in a great confusion. Is it possible to get a driving license with a lazy eye problem? I cannot read with my right eye.The vision is poor when compared to the left eye.What if I fail in my eye test???? Advice needed urgently........
Hi Guys... Till today morning my application status was showing as under process on the MOI website for family visa. Now I checked at 1 pm and it still shows under process but in a different way and also shows expiry date; application date etc...but the visa number is not there! Does this mean I have to go to immigration to pay the fees?
i wanted to buy a piano ..
Dear Friends; I did my US Non immigrant Visa interview today. I was told to collect my Passport with Visa Stamped at Embassy main Gate between 3 to 3.30PM today. After my Visa interview I was given token with number specified from interview counter. Can anybody tell me how I can know my visa Status before Evening?
Can anyone help me to know where to buy SE W960i LCD?
I'm trying to put an ad in classified all is ok till i get to the captcha i can't get it right; any ideas pls... How does it work ?
I bought a Renault megane car plz advise is it good or not?
Friends; i need to go for a printing items (menus; flyers etc) for a restaurant. Can anybody tell me about printing press in Doha; any experience. pls share / advise thanks a lot (in advance)
Hi there.. I want to visit India in the Middle of June..Actually I want to attend a yoga vacation in an Ashram called Sivananda in Kerala..Has anybody any idea about this Ashram? Is it recommended?? How is weather that time?.. I know will be the rainy season..Will it be comfotable.. Is it rainning all the time?? Thank you!!!!!
i want one of them so i wanna know the price :) thank you
where is cebuana lhuillie in qatar ?? plz reply
Any one from hyderabad
Hey Everyone... I want to know if there are any good professional wedding photographers in the country??? I have a huge assignment...and this is real important for me to know....!! :) :) PLease do tell me the studio/individual name with their phone numbers... Thanks people... :)
LA Lakers vs. Denver Nuggets Which one do you think will advance to the NBA Finals? I'm sure this will be a very interesting series considering one fact that Chauncey Billups made a big impact on the Nuggets line up.
Are there any Eye Test Center in City Center accredited by Trafic Department?
Wondering if there are any collection points for Material/Money Donations or Charity group in Doha doing the Japan Tsunami/Earthquake Relief ?? Anyone know of any of the Charity Group/s doing this drive? or how can we start one? Thanks!
what is the time period between two Visit Visa I mean once came and gone back;then after how many month to be finished to take another visit visa.
Where Can I Find This In Doha??
I was traveling from Heathrow to Doha. I had 2 checked in luggages; one of them came with me but the other one is lost. I was travelling by Qatar Airways. Now; its been two days but i am still waiting. Howlong does this procedure take? and what should i do about it if they cant find it? Thanks
Please can someone help if its possible to convert an ADSL Connection to Wireless. I have extended 2 my Flat from a Modem and I would like to use internet everywhere in my House please;answer me if u know anyone who can help on this or if you can help me to solve it.
What's the clubbing scene in Doha. I left a cool lifestyle in Mumbai for little more money and I'm stuck here. I heard about liquor licence; QDC n all. I'll be getting my ID this week after that I can go for that. But apart from that can anybody tell me what the nightlife available here? How much I need to spend; where are the places etc etc...
some pics of MY aquarium..:( don't my cute fishes look sad and lost??? :(:(:( what shoudl i do?? how can i get rid of this green hell??? :(:(
I applied for family visa and unfortunately it was rejected even i have all the criteria;i am sending sms to meet the committee but the reply i received is "you cannot make appointment with the committee;go to immigration dept" why?
Has anyone succeeded in using G1 Android with QTel postpaid sim card. I need the GPRS setting to connect to internet. My phone is already unlocked. but 'am unable to connect to internet with the GPRS settings I found on QL or other sites. please post the reply on QL so many user will get benifts
The Fastest iPhone Ever The first thing youll notice about iPhone 3GS is how quickly you can launch applications. Web pages render in a fraction of the time; and you can view email attachments faster. Improved performance and updated 3D graphics deliver an incredible gaming experience; too. In fact; everything you do on iPhone 3GS is up to 2x faster and more responsive than iPhone 3G. . . Are you getting one? . Where can i get one?
Options 100% 50% 0%
hi guys do u know any places where can i find them ?
Hello. We just realized that our lifetime CDs of photos and weddings were missing. It was 2 months ago after our boxes were land freight to Doha from Dubai. We tried to contact the custom authorities; our shipping agents; and ask how to go about to claim it back. So far; we haven't had any luck. Does anyone has this experience before? Would love to hear from you and your comments. Thanks
hi! can u pls tell me the names of nursery schools here in qatar and their location? i have a 4 year old daughter who haven't been to any nurseries/baby centers. thanks!
What is the trend in rent costs in doha? I am seeking a 3 /4 bedroom unfurnished villa (independant) villa. What is the approximate rental cost?
Dear QL Members; Please help me; where is the HTC Phone service center or any mobile shop that can repair HTC Touch Cruise Mobile Phone. Thank you.
Dear Friends; Kindly let me know where can i buy books in which i can record my newly born baby's information. it is also called baby's first book. tnx.
just been told qdc have started selling pork; does anyone know true or false
please advice about my question.
How people choose their usernames in social media? Does they reflect their personalities? If QL give you a chance what would be your next username?
we want to buy gift baskets; need to know where we can buy in reasonable price and more options. Please thread your comments and suggestions.
Morniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing Drop your jokes here! thanks
I moved to Doha three months back. I want to know from where can i drink alochol in cheap rates. I went to ramada; W; they are very expensive. Secondly i want to know what if i am drunk and coming out from bar and going to my room. Means is there any problem for me as i am a muslim guy. I shall be very thankful if someone posts the suitable answer.
Could anyone please advise me; I have just been offered a position in a construction company in Qatar and I was wondering if you can buy alcohol from shops and bars or is it restricted like in other middle eastern countries.
Dear all; Can you please advice where in Doha can you find plus sized clothes; apart from Splash and Evans?
Can an Emirate National get an alcohol permit?
On QL; who are those you agree with on 'most' matters? I agree with Mehnis along with FS;Khawaga MJ;WK;Jack;Rizks;Pajju ( a.k.a choozy);Soniya;Suzain;Mathboy;rMs;Xena;Chinitasai;dot.com;Qatari78;Visper;Afrinnabees;Owen;Azilana;Alexa;Qatari;Ahmad and a few others. I do not agree with Olive on issues related to Marriage.
Hi all; IF i buy gold bar and at some point want to sell this back to Al Fardan exchange or else where what are my options; assume it will be easy to purchase but do they also buy back at whaterver the market at that point. Regards; Irfan
Hi Guys; Cam someone confirm this information that MEN are not allowed to get Automatic licence directly and do not have to do a manual test. Your answers will be apprecitated. Thanks Leon
what is life journy really is
Does anyone know where to purchase a TENS machine or have one for sale? TIA
I was very interested when I first QL; I thought it is nice site. But sorry to say the site is more rejecting than welcoming to new ppl. or even to old members but not as popular as other QL big names. Posts are getting so silly ; no attractive posts; ppl are divided into groups. Please leaders of QL ; try to drag QL from being another useless site. Thanks;
I am a civil engineer here in the philippines and soon be working in qatar? what visa should they be have? and how long is the processing? what are the requirements? thank you.
Guyz; good morning; i phoned qtel asking for KBR number they said they have around 100 and gave me 10 but it seems all belong to houses of ppl workin at KBR thus calling 180 wasnt beneficial; Does any1 know wats KBR office number ??? Thanks; Wissam
Hello; I am new to Qatar.I heard lot of mobile voip software available in the market to make call to India.Could some one tell me which one will good to use with my iphone 3g. Regards Basheer
Hi i have just moved to Doha; al zahoor - working at Qatar Uni. where would you recommend to go out for socializing and meeting up with people - clubs bars etc cheers iain
Hi: i am going to apply for immigration to canada ; i want know is canada a peaceful country like qatar ? thnaks;
Hey there guys! I'm moving out to Doha to start work with the Ta'allum Group in Doha as a primary school teacher at (I think!) the Al Maha Academy for Boys. Is anybody else moving out there? Does anybody know where they're supposed to be living yet? I haven't had all the info from the school yet. I wouldn't mind getting some topic info so I can plan properly really!
I am looking for a carpet; which is not very wide; but long one (like the ones used in long corridor). I looked in Home Center; homes r us; and carrefour; but they don't have this kind. Does anyone know a good place to buy carpets; not too expensive? Thanks!
I have seen a lot of companies and banks writing QSC after the name of the organization in Qatar. What does that mean? Is it a government company or is it a stock exchange listed company??
Where in doha do we get decent whitegold? not the ones very thin like in damas or the huge ones in alfardan jewellery. how about good gemstones?
how many of you buy or eat halal frozen beef meat.which is imported from other countries?
Hi! Would someone know any nearby pet shop to get fishes (e.g. Goldfishes and the like)? I am at Bin Mahmoud.
Can i procure visit visa for my mother in law? my family is here in Doha on resident visa but was wondering on the same as some of my freinds advised that visit visa can only be procured for immediate family members. is this notion right? your feedback to this effect is highly apperciated. Regards;
can my half-sister apply a family visit visa for me?
Can antbody recommend a good workshop to get my elderly BMW X5 fixed; mostly damage to rear bumper and boot
Sand storm today 07/06/2013 Friday on Alkhor - Dakheera road...
In qatar; when i can take vaccination for swine flu for my 7 month old baby? please help me.
One of my friend was coming to Qatar for the first time on a work visa. He bought 2 bottles of liqour from Bahrain duty free shop. But when he reached Doha airport it was taken away by the customs people. Is it illegal to bring it from duty free??? And also I want to know; whether there will be some problem for him to get his RP? Pls. your views..........
Please can someone tell me that if any karwa is going from Bin Mahmood anywhere near Lcigal to Industrial Area 1 roundabout after Al Watan roundabout morning? I need to reach there everyday by 8am. Thanks
Can anyone tell me what is the minimum salary required to apply for Liquor Permit and other formalities? Thanks
I am looking for an Arabic teacher to provide private lessons for my daughter who is in grade 7. Teacher must be willing to come to my house. Will be paying up to QR150 per hour.
dear all; i have pruchased 7 months ago a laptop which has Vista OS; it is really very tough time with this Vista OS; few days ago i tried to connect Mosaic wirless connection and failed which i can connect it in XP OS; any one help me in this; thanks a lot
Its been shifted to new location from sofitel area more than a year ago.. unable to find the location.. anybody knows the location?
Hi; can you please give us some backgrounds regarding Doha's lifestyle. In terms of cost of living and quality of education. I'm a nurse by profession; are there many career oppotunities for me as well. We have plans in joining my husband in Doha with my 8 y.o. son. What's your advice? Thanks!
Its to help the MMG workers at my school
I am thinking of studying there; but.. hesitated a bit; so.. is it safe??
Anywhere decent and at a good price?
i recieved my job offer and i signe it they told me in tow or three week my visa will be ready; but i do smoke cigarette and in the pre medical form i answer that i do smoke; what do you think ? will this affect my visa procedure? need an answer please.
Dear friends; I am thinking to apply for my wife Visit visa; recently my residency request has been rejected by labor Dept. And I have got a meeting date 23 Feb to know the reason of rejection. Can I apply my wife visit visa now. or should I wait until to finalize the labor Dept process. Please suggest.. Thank you in advance.........
Say easy but come to reality isas easy as saying. Come here DOHA for a few months only and now feeling like to live here but as a family condition this is not an easy decision as well. None of family members are not possible to come and live with me. So What is the best option to live here in DOHA without family?
Hello Fellas; may I ask anyone where can my documents be notarized here in Qatar; my papers/documents are all from Philippines; I am applying for NCLEX-RN (US Licensure for Nurses in the US).. I think it can be notarized here because this is my current residency. Help anyone?who knows an attorney who can notarize my documents. Thanks and Godbless.
I do Who else bakes bread at home?
is there any other who are facing slow internet speed from evening onwards... and if any know why it is happen pls share....
Dear friends; How to do a certificate attestation in Qatar. My wife got a job in Qatar and now she is asked to attest the certificates from Embassy or ministry of external affairs. Please advise me how to do it. thanks in advance....
I am holding a Dubai driving license; please advise on the steps to attain a Qatar driving license based on my current Dubai license.
I took my first driving test this morning and managed to pass the signal; L and parking tests. However; I got screwed in the road test (don't ask). I'm planning to retake the test sometime this month. By doing so; do you go over the test from the start? Or do you start where you left off (failed)? Like me; for example; I failed the road test; so does that mean I only do the road test? Thanks!
My friend's father is on Qatar Airways visa (1 month) and he came to qatar on 5th January and he will leave qatar on 6th Feb.morning. and my question is; he is liable to pay any penalty ? Thanks in advance....
i am wondering if i can open a bank account as i am on visit visa.
i'd like to buy puppies for a pet. but i do not know where to get one..if anyone does; please tell me the shop; place or the address..thanx.
Is there any art college here in qatar? If there is then call me 66693196. And what are the requirements??
I am looking for a ballet school and/or a gymnastic school for my 5-year old daughter. Any suggestions?
I recently was offered a job in Doha..I found here some useful insight about rental rates. What are the other high and costly expenses?I am also wondering about drinking water!Do people usually drink from tap or bottled water in Qatar?Since tap water got me sick once in my city!!
Ok so I have been bitten by this bug of mystery thriller movies. Which one do you guys think was the movie with the best twist in the plot. I mean really shocking like The Sixth Sense or The Usual Suspects. That kind of movie. Ofcourse I will appreciate it if you don't give out the endings; lol..
Good morning; i am plannig to celebrate my son's 1st Birth day party. can you please tell me where can i find good quality party items like Ballons; decoration things etc. Also i am looking for a banner. where i have to go and how much it costs( Normal size)? Thanks in advance;
photography is our recreation with my hubby; and we realize it is nice management for stress. Is there any crash course for basic phography that perhaps we can apply in our near future?
What's your favorite life quotation?
Just when I planned to switch from my Satellite Dish connection into mozaic; on attempt to subscribe; qtel customer service advised it will not be possible to install mozaic at my appartment" (located in Al-Sadd). I was shocked to hear this. True that Mozaic connection is limited to not all places? anyone else experienced same? Seems i will have to go for seperate connection.
Kamran Akmal; Muhammed Amair and Kamran Akmal arrived this morning in Doha for ICC tribunal. any idea where they stay in this small country.
Recently I heard that QCB has instructed to reduce the loan interest to 6 % for the new and existing loan holders. Any update on this I am HSBC customer and still they deduct same amount... Any info from when this will effect and it is mandatory to all the Banks ( As i heard from my friend QNB already confirm they reduce the interest therefore loan repayment period has reduce) What a relief if this true????
Can any one guide me about "The Wear House" its location and about stuff I can get from there.
Me and my friend planning to go to UAE this coming eid; thats why im looking for a cheaper ticket?
I'm looking for a bank that has (possibly free) online check and savings; offers around 5% interest on savings accounts and has a positive track record with transferring funds quickly to out-of-country banks. Any suggestions? If you have experience with all three; feel free to post up! Thanks!
will be traveling with one child. I have read that 2 bedrooms comes with one king bed and a medium bed in the other room? Is the medium bed a queen bed or full size bed? I would like to know so I know what size sheets to purchase.
Is it a healthy alternative to home-cook and fastfood meals?
hi good morning...Qlers.. i am an employee of a private engineering firm.. been working for six months..hired here at doha (local hire).. sponsorship transferred to the company.. work duration 1 year renewable.. the question is.. i want to resign from my work..what are he possibilities..will they allow? or will they send me home? please i need your advice.. thanks
Hello to everyone! I am Russian and looking for job in Doha. How do you think is it possible to be employment in tourism sector? I have expirience 10 years inc 2 yeras in Turkey. Now thinking about mowing to Middle East. From all sites like bayt or gulftalent there are not any answer.. Lets help me find job! :)) Thank you in advance.. And nice to meet you all. Best regards.
Anybody knows where's the Umm Salal passport office??
I am planning to buy a car; but I need some advise on which vehicle would be good. Can somebody help me please???
So the question is easy: What Hotel would you recommend to stay in/to avoid in Bangkok? thanks
1.e4 2.gypsy Sorry ... can't think of anymore who i want to meet ... just worry i might bumped into a psycho :-)
My Acer Laptop got a damage so i need to recover the data. pls pls let me know if you know a good place or computer shop where they can recover. Thanks a lot Anuradha 009746288371 yawanthi92@yahoo.co.uk
Heard that school will be closing on 28th JUNE;Many school didnt announced yet.Anybody aware of it?
plz reply..need help
Hi; Getting ready for the move over and I was wondering if anyone has any tips on things you really can not get in Doha that 'at home' is just readily available. Someone mentioned cough syrup and tampons. Anything esle?
Im likely to travel in the month of june... just wanna know some good places to visit....
I'am planning to go to Switzerland; Austria and Prague. None of these embassies are in Qatar. I understand that i need to send my passport to Switzerland embassy in Kuwait. Has anyone got their visa like this? How long it takes? Any travel agents assists in this process or i've send through DHL.
Are Expats allowed to buy land or free standing villas in Qatar. IF yes then what is the process to follow
I my case; laborer to engineer?
I would like to find out how much the high end bottled water costs in Qatar. I need to find out the average cost of water from a supermarket or other venue; and only the high end bottled water; like Evian. therfore; it should be the most expensive; and perferably in a glass bottle; if possible. Thank You.
The brake pads on my Landcruiser need changing. I have bought the new pads from the Toyota dealer but need to find somewhere to change them over for me. I am sure Toyota would charge the earth to do this. Anhyone know any good car garages that will do this for me? Cheers guys.
Are there any good gyms/fitness center around Landmark Mall or Madinet khalifa area or burger king roundabout that are still open???
Hi every one.. Please look at the resume and let me know any openings in qatar. Will be very helpful to me. Thanks.
does anyone know a good nursery around Madinat Khalifa South area;Fereej Bin Omran ; Al Sadd ? i want a really good Nursery the same level as Little angels and creative child
Hello! We will be soon relocated to Doha. In sight of the living costs (rent; etc.) a friend and I have decided to share a flat or villa whilst in Doha. Can you guys please tell us if this can be done? if it's okay in Doha? if you have heard of other people doing the same? Your input is appreciated. Regards;
Cycling is a good exercise. Any suggestions for a safe place for cycling.
There has been a fire and an explosion in Family Food Centre (Airport Branch) about 15 minutes back. Does anyone one have any details ? Has anyone been injured ?
Hi;can anyone plz let me know best affordable english schools in Doha for Grade 2 and 7?
Hello; I need a treadmill. Can anyone please guide me that from where I can get one in a reasonable price. Moreover if someone is interested in selling his treadmill; please let me know.
I need to purchase Lampe berger oil as mine has runout. Anyone knows where?
Hi everyone; I am newly married and have been here in Qatar since 6 months.I have just completed my Post-graduation in Economics. So now I am looking for any job in Doha.Please advice where and in which field I should search for a job.
hi; Is there any photography classes in doha; where normally the Nikon and Cannon vendors use to conduct some classes for the beginners. Or any other third party? with regards A.Aravind
Dear all; what is the most fuel efficient vehicle out of followings? And please mention the per LITER; how many KM it would be ? 1. Nissan Altima (2008) 2. Honda Civic (2008) 3. Honda Accord (2008) Thx.
I really want to stop smoking. I have tried almost everything except hypnotherapy. Does anyone know any good hypnotherapist here in Qatar? Thank you all.
Hi; I am moving over in January from Oz and I am thinking about shipping a box over to Doha; from what I can find on the net it seems to be fairly pricey; just wondering if anyone has any tips on who I should use? Or if it is just easier to use excess baggage? thanks.
i am an indian having Qatar Residence permit (currently in India)with A profession of "Administrative". let me know is this profession eligible to get Dubai On Arrival Visa?? expecting reply....
Hi;my husband has been offered a job in Qatar with a salary of 16000. we have a 3 year old child. I would like to know whether 16000 is good enough a package considering its all inclusive which means we will have to rent a 2 bedroom apartment; get a car; etc. We would like to put our child in a good Indian curriculum school. Please help me out.
I need to purchase two tyres for my car they are 225/60 and I would like to get a good price - any suggestions?
dear all; is rental contract is necessary to apply visit visa for my wife?? is it possible to get visit visa without rental contract??
I want to buy a laptop (Core 2 dou). Can u advise me which make I must choose.? Dell; Sony; HP....?
If you are an active member on QL and post atleast once in a couple of days;please drop by and say 'yes' or 'no' on this thread. Your cooperation is highly valuable for me personally to be able to manage my time. PS - Just put a smiley :) if you are a troll.
Where I can buy good oil for massage?
Dear Members; I have my wife in qatar on family visit visa; now it's gonna over 6 months; can i get more 2/3 months visa?? what is the procedure?? pls inform.
Which is better from your experience Nokia N8 or Iphone 4?
want to extend the visit visa. What are the procedures and how long i get the extension. thanks for the answers...
How can my boyfriend who currently works for a government office there get me and our baby a visit visa? How long can we stay there in doha and can we also get married there as well? Can we stay together in his house there? Can you give us advice and the steps to take for getting visa and requirements for marriage there in Qatar? It will be greatly appreciated.Thanks in advance
I begin employment in Qatar Aug 09 and have just been quoted 1000 to have them flown over. Is it worth the hassle of customs or should i buy new? How do prices compare UK Next with Qatar Next?
My employer have recruited me as a Business Development Executive in a Labor Visa.I am put on a Impossible task.I want to resign from the Job.Can I do that??
i was thinking of trading or selling my car. in case i want to trade it; where is the best trading company? as well as to where to sell it?
I would like to know some information from you all . Suppose someone came here under visit visa and extended it up to six month. Then after six month he went; my doubt is that; how many moths should he wait to come here again after. Can he come here again within one month under a new visit visa?
Hi; as most indians live in qatar.... is there any temple in qatar.....
any news? i heard dubai is having eid tomorrow.
is there near hamad health center rouda aria{near church}?
i'm doing some new car shopping and seeking your valubale opinions .. i have short listed the cars to Infiniti G 35 and Lexus Is 300 .. any experinces with these 2 cars?? asking about .. maintaining the car not only purchasing it .. after sales services??
I was wondering if their is any interest in getting private pilots licence in Qatar?
it's 4:30 pm;.. almost time for me to go home...it had been an interesting QL day today...hope to see everyone again tomorrow;. hopefully; there's not much traffic so travelling home should be a breeze.... good evening to y'all!
I have a rolex oyster perpetual watch day-date( gift).I don't know what happened to it..it just stops when i don't use it after 4 hours-more or less then when i adjust it;it moves.do anyone have an idea where I can have it checked?thanks!
Hi all; My wife is nearly to give birth and i am wondering which is the best clinic/hospital in qatar; Some people are considering that hamad is the best other al ahly other clinic al doha ... Please can you share with us your idea and experience and give us advice. Thanks in advance
If i wanted to apply for Qatar Airways as Cabin Crew; would they let me sponsor my son?
TO all Filipinos here in DOHA. Would you like to have the ZAGU ( black pearl shake) here in DOHA? Just "YES" or "NO" Please.
Can anyone tell me where can i buy globe roaming sim? thanks! if your selling globe roaming sim.. you can call me at +9746057424.. thnx!
I want to take a Driving Classes from Gulf Driving School as it is near to my flat. Can anyone suggest me the popularity of this School?
Anybody who knows the location of bosnia near dasman center?
Hi This might be a bit of an odd question but can you walk from the Japanese Embassy or the Kempinski Hotel to City Centre Shopping Centre? It looks definitely walkable distance-wise but do the roads preclude any chance of walking?
Hi ladies and gentlemen; i would like to know if any one has experience applying for UK visa General Tier 1 that allows u to work in UK. please ur advise is v important.
Can anyone advice me about my kids; can't sleep for whole night.They will start to sleep at 6am
Hi Where can i buy a made to order cake with lowfat or sweetener used? Thanks; Qaisar
It is very hard to find in the internet; even here in QL I could not find a Doha Map. Anyone who has Doha map that I can print? Or at least an internet link.
Searching high and low for pineapple juice not concentrated rubbish can find it anywhere . Pleaee guys accept this mission
there seem to be groups for all communities here. Is there any for north indian families ? If not; then lets make one ? Anybody interested ?
Is there any prepaid service; which I can use for online shopping? I dont know what it called; prepaid credit card or prepaid debit card or what? Anyway; Actually I dont want to open a bank account. Im looking something more easy and instant; if I pay cash and they give me online credits for purchasing? I dont know is it possible or not and how it works. If anybody have some idea about it will be grateful for me.
Hi; I am new to Qatar and have a budget of 10;000 Qr for a villa. Children go to Sherborne but don't need to be in it's doorstep. Can anyone point me in the right direction for this budget please? Many thanks
Does anybody know any nice wedding card designers from Doha or any company that can do the design and printing of wedding cards?
Please help me....I am looking to buy a wet grinder in Doha.... Can anyone who has purchased one from here give me the Make and Model no..... something small for the table-top and with no other attachments as i have everything else......
Hi; I was wondering if anyone knows of a decent therapist in Doha. I realize that therapy is probably a western concept but with such a large expat community there must be some floating around. Many thanks for your help.
Does anybody know where exactly is Halal Indian food available in Houston?
I want to buy either a PS3; XBox 360 or Wii. Please suggest me which one is good and why?
'm aware that Qmiles transfer fee is US$15 per 1;000 Qmiles. (online transfer) Could you kindly give me an idea how much I can sell my 100;000 Qmiles. Many thanks.
We are moving to Qatar but shipping of all our belongings won't arrive for nearly 5 weeks after we do. We can't decide if it's best to pay excess bagage and bring items like child port-a-cot and car seat with us or put in shipping. Is there a company in Qatar that do short term hiring out of items including cots; car seats; high chairs etc?
3 bedroom; 1 hall; 2 bathroom; 1 kitchen............ Expecting for QR 3500- QR 4000....... Contact no: Mob- 5258839; Lan- 4933193
I am a ceoliac suffer and so need to eat gluten free foor. Does any one know of any other shops in Doha that sell gluten free food other than Mega Mart in the Center ?? Also does any one know of any restaurants selling gluten free food
i m buying nissan terrano 2002model;98;000 mileage and asking price is 25;000 can any suggest me abt dis car shd i buy or no;if i will buy wht will b the final price;can any tell me
any1 here would like to go for squash 2 times per week or also if anyone want to learn it and start playing feel free to ping me cheers
hi everyone; I want to buy a game console for my 6year old daughter. So far have checked some options but needed some advice on which one is better of the two? thanks.
My buddy Pajju is in need of a manicure. (see attached) Where's the best place ?
So I had a wander down to this gym today. The guys at the front desk were happy for me to walk around and take a look and were not pushy at all. All I can say is that the facility is amazing and if you have the money and are serious to get in shape then definitely check it out! :-)
Hi; Me and 2 of my friends want to go to Bahrain for a weekend for a visit. We are all 16; 2 of us are from UK and 1 is from India. Will we be allowed to buy tickets and fly there? Also; will we be able to get visas in Bahrain? And how much will they cost? Thanks
Hypothetically speaking: If a wife that arrived on husband's sponsorship gets a job; and wants to leave that job for another better paying job; can she do it without any restricions?
What are the Souq timings for this week and Eid? Thank you.
One of my colleagues has already used his tranfer of sponsorship facility three times; now due to recession and loss of work he wants to use this facility for a fourth time. Is it possible and permitted for transfer of sponsorship to be done for a fourth time or is it only limited to three times(maximum).
Wheres the Greek Embassy in Doha? Contact details would be appreciated... Thanks! :)
help!!who is imposing a 2 yrs band?company or immigration?like in my case i resigned from work;my visa is expired but the company gave me a release;if i will go back to my country will i have an employment band???and needs to wait for 2 yrs to finish to enter doha again?
I wish i can create a pool of friends here;having get together in the weekend and getting partners to hit the dance floors. Just flashing back good old memories of College days where friends circle were awesome. meeting new gals n boys are so easy and lyf full on the rocksss Can we do it here....???
will there be a fine/penalty for not claiming the new plate number after three months? if there is any; how much? please i need response from those who have experienced the same. thank you.
i mean if they caught you dating someone who is not your husband or wife?
Some good work done using Excel.
post in classifieds
i want to switch to mac. where is the best place to buy mac book pro.. apple store at mall is little expensive.. can any one suggest bit cheaper store around doha..
Dear Qlers; can you please advise how i can bring some books from dubai to Qatar books belong to physiotherapy used books for my reference. appreciate your kind guidance. 5-6 books only
One of my friend is working here in Qatar for 4 years;he is planning to resign and go back to his country of origin.He was asking does the company will give any seperation pay?if yes;how is it to be computed?lenght of service or whatsoever?
Hello internet. I'm about to work in Qatar. Is 2750 gonna be enough? What do you think? Free accommodation and transportation to the office!
I am looking for a housemaid. i am a muslim with 4 family members.
Hi All; I got a job offer from qatar they are offering me 14500 per month and 4000 bonus that would be paid quarterly. This is way more than what I get in India .But do you think this is a good salary in Qatar . I am married and my wife would join me.How much would I be able to save on average a month. Thank you in advance.
One of my friend is on visit visa in Qatar; he got permanent Qatari Driving license; can he buy car on his name though he dont have Residence visa?
To all my fellow Filipinos please advice. . I just asked my wife; she said it will take time for us to get a NSO authenticated marriage certificate; we only have the original marriage certificate from our Local civil registrar. . . can we used this to get a visit visa for her? What are our options?
God bless them both...Amen.
What is the best perfumes for men and women?
Can anybody give me any idea of how long will it take to renew a passport in the Philippine Embassy and how much will it cost me?
Christmas is around a corner. Then If we think about the gifts then If we want to "Gift For Her"(mother; sister; girls; girlfriends; wife) then what will be the best options like jewelries; dress; gift cards; ring; diamonds; make up kit etc.
MES was located opposite to GARDEN RESTAURANT before relocation now the building has been demolished.am trying to know its new location.kindly tell me if someone knows about it!
help from every one.how con i travel from qatar to australia?
Which are good fish/pet shops in Doha that would sell fish tanks; aquarium supplies and fish? (both salt water and fresh fish) Are there Aquarium social clubs in Doha?
Where to get Coconut; where they cut and give. In Lulu they have stopped cutting it. Any other place? Thanks
Before everyone shouts at me - I did a search and the info seems to be a bit old.(2006-2007) So at the risk of being ridiculed - can I just ask a simple question? Can I rent a car with an international driving license while waiting for my residency permit? Even if I have been here longer than 7 days? Its all very confusing!
Please share your experience: If a person sending his 6 kids in a same school; what will be the fee for the 4th; 5th and 6th child. In some cases even more.
Dear QL'ers esp my kababayans; My family and I are planning of taking one month vacation to the Philippines this coming December. My question is; is there a specific month where booking reservations are cheaper? Can you also suggest a travel agency or an airline?
Which is best driving school in Doha;Qatar?
Is anyone out there on an Atkins Diet? I would like to know what you are currently eating! It a bit thinner now but i'm tired of eating chicken all the time. I want to eat something tastier. I know i'm allowed to eat a lot of other foods; so maybe you can help me out with your suggestions? What's your no-carb recipe?
What are the advantages of starting a business in Qatar than in other countries?
Hello QL friends; Does any one have any information of a well reputed Canon Camera's Dealer/Supplier in Washington?
any idea where to get/buy a hair bun donut ring sponge around Doha? couldnt find one at Villagio. thanks!
I'm looking at buying a Blackberry; but have heard a lot of stories about QTel restrictions. Does QTel block the downloading of applications? Some; many; all? Thanks! Max
School teacher asked the children to come with Japanese cloth and food for a party. any idea where they can be?? thanks in advance..
I noticed many cars with the sticker "Doha Rocks" on it. What does Doha Rocks mean?
Hi; I am planning a road trip to Dubai. since I already have a Qatari RP do I need a UAE visa? If so what is the procedure for obtaining it? Also what is the procedure for getting Road permit for Saudi Arabia? Regards MN
Can somebody advise me that how owners charge house rents in Doha-Qatar i.e. monthly or quarterly or annually etc?
I am working as a technician in a private company and my wife is working as a nurse in hammed hospital. But both of us are in different sponsorship. Could you please advice; can we bring our baby(40 days old) without a visa and what are the documents required.
Im trying to find out where can I get this supplement. I called GNC; Khouloud pharmacy; Tylos pharmacy; and none have it. HELP!
Hi Everyone! Happy new year! I'm just curious to ask if a Qatari man can marry non-Qatari lady? What are the procedures need some opinion QLs. Thank you in advance and God Bless.
I would like to know if there are any Expat EMT-Paramedics working for HMC? I have been offered a job and will start as soon as my Visa is approved. What are the standards of housing they supply? What are essentials to bring? My wife and I will both be working for HMC; both on Grade 112. Any info will be appreciated... Thanks
Does anyone know whether Park House School runs buses to pick up and drop off children ?
Hi Am looking for a sewing machine (preferably BROTHERS or SINGER). I searched a few shopping malls and almost all the malls have both BROTHERS and SINGER made in CHINA..... Can some one help me locate a shop where i can get a sewing machine made anywhere else other than China!! (People say Japan / Korea make are good..) Cheers:) Edd
How many days does it take to have Family Visit Visa ? Is that the most quick way to bring my wife to doha? Even she is canceled ; can she work again after i bring her with my sponsorship (as my wife)?? Thanks aLL
The painter that our compound mgmt sent over was clearly gouging us - he wanted 1;500QR per room; which is more than it would cost in the U.S. .. .and I know the guys here are making much much less than the immigrant labor in Texas. Any recommendations for someone who will do a good job for a fair price? Thanks; Expat Sueo
Hi guys I just got a parking ticket :( Does anyone know how much I'll have to pay? Can't get into moi.gov.qa at the moment. thanks
Any one known abt American Acadamy school ?
hey...guys i want to alter bottom of my jeans it is lil bit long...so i want exactly same as original one...if i go to any local tailor they do but not as the original... if u cant see the end of jeans it looks kinda weird...i want it noticable. brands r Lee n Wrangler any showroom here if they do...plzz do let me know...ASAP guys ive to wear it on friday...!!
We might be moving to Qatar next year; and I was wondering; I would like to have my kids in a nursery; can they start in the middle of the year; or do they have to wait until august?
Hi; Is anyone staying at serviced apartments? Which ones would you advise me? What are the rates for a 1 bedroom apartment in such places? It would be of great help if anyone has info. Thanx a lot.
everyone is sayin differen things; something about swine flu.. when will we find out?
Hey everyone; Just curious if anyone knows the typical salary for a transport planner with 6 years experience working for an engineering consultancy in Qatar?
I'm looking for a small car and I accept limited mileage.
where is the best place to meet european-australian-american expats between 25-35 years old in doha?
Did anybody have an experience with Doha Bank - E Remittance (Online Banking). I want to know how reliable it's and how much time it takes to reach in India ICICI Bank NRI Account.
i have been told that franchisee of my-gym ;is in doha. anybody know about their preshchool
Pls recomend a good ladies beauty salon;; in doha.how is salon in Lulu hyper market?? I need a place for a clean up and for a hair cut.
Hy Every one; I'm a Hardware Engineer; bt i got good chance in Contracting field; I'm really new to Qatar; I wanna know some thing more about Qatar; So Pls Any Advice?...... :) will be appreciate...... Thanks a lot in Advance.... :)
Just want to know; my wife is about to give birth this coming October; both of us were under our company sponsor and currently working in Qatar. Is it okay if one of us will sponsor our new born child or both of us? What is the procedure? Requirements? thanks
Where can i buy a IMEI Number for china mobile using for India; ????. pls help me Thanks n Regards
i want to work in qatar for few months and then i may go outside qatar for my further studies ..........i applied here in some companies but they will give me job only if i change my sponsor............................ is dere any solution fo this
I'm actually trying arrange a car; and need your advice on which car you consider safe and strong enough but still economically acceptable (affordable safety); also I shouldn't worry too much about regular maintenance and replacing parts and stuff like that? What options are there: rent; buy; by second hand... and which options would you recommend. I wouldn't buy with an interest bearing loan. Thank you
Which is your favorite TV news channel; you believe covers news in depth and objectivity? Any admired reporters too? I have a couple; what about you? Salam
my offer is basic salry 1500 usd; a car and the housing are on the own of te company (not shared housing).The job is a kind of management position; nationality lebanese. Thx by advance to all
What are the things you must do or have before leaving your house??
Hi does any of you know where I could get an England football kit for kids.. Checked all sports shop in City Centre and Olympic sports near crazy signal no luck. If you have see kids size kit please let me know.. Will try Villagio this afternoon.. Thanks
Is there any chance to recall sent message using Gmail? If possible how? Thanks advance
Does anyone know where to get snow in a can from? I don't mean the foam spray that most places seem to sell - the more powder type stuff that you can spray on the window! Thanks in advance! Ellie xxx
Where can I find and purchase HDMI cable for my new LCD TV screen?
Me and my friends are planning to take a trip to Dubai by car this Eid. My questions are: 1. Where can we get visa to Dubai? 2. I presume we also need Transit Visa in KSA; how can we get it and how much would this cost? 3. Any special permit for our car if we take it from Doha? Thanks for your help.
Do You Think Qatar Will Be Like Dubai after how many Years????
Just heard it from someone just a while ago. Is it true?
I am syrian girl living in syria but i have to find ajob in qatar because my fiance working in Qatar and i will get marry after one month and i will live in Qatar I graduated from Tourism institute i am only 20 years old what i have to do to find ajob in Qatar?
Hello...i'll be moving in Doha at the end of January 2010 and i want to know some details about the life there....during the day( prices at shopping malls; at caffees) at during the night( clubs and dating and women).....i'll appreciate any information you can give me.... Thank you for your answers.....
hi; i need info abt the call centre jobs in doha thank you
A friend of mine lost his phone in a shop and when he realised it was missing; he tried calling his phone ;but its switched off. The shop people dont know anything about it. Sadly he doesnt even have his IMEI no. So is there NO way of recovering or tracing that phone? Thanks!
Has anyone else had problems dealing with the School? They seem very uncertain over so many important issues.
Hey i am an Indian living in Qatar. What all are the entertainments in Qatar.
Hi please can anybody provide information regarding Ramzan (saher and Itfaar) Timings...Where I can find advance thanks
Procedure to give my car on Rent I have a Toyota Corrolla; and I want to give it somebody on rent monthly Basis. What is the Procedure; rules and process for that. Plz give me advice. thank u
where can I find a good laptop for a best price ? which brand is good ? please suggest for me : SORRY ;;My budget is Qr 2800;only thanx in advance 4 the answers......
I will be working there starting December and I want to know the place better and prepareably information is coming from people who live there for a while.
hi everyone! i haven't seen much of doha (yet); can anyone tell me where i could find furnitures? i'm looking specifically for a table i could put in my room (for studying and stuff) and a very comfortable chair. i'm looking for a modern-type one; but not too expensive :) i appreciate all the help i can get. thanks!!
where can I buy cotton salwar material . pakistan cotton or designer wear material. can u pls tell a right tailor too especially expert in making patialla . thanks
Hi colleagues.... could anyone help or advice where to go Saturday night 30th of October? any parties or any good clubs which is crowded??
Hi all... Since no one replied to my earlier post...I'm going to rephrase my question... does any body here on QL work in an engineering consulting firm... those that deals with water systems/ water management/ waste water treatment etc...? i would like to get a few details regarding the kind of work.. Thank u.
at least do some mistakes today
Mick Hucknall apologises to 1;000 women he slept with during his early career. He said he regretted his "philandering". He told The Guardian: "They know who they are; and I'm truly sorry." So; are you now settled and regret your philandering ways ?? Is it right to issue such statements ?
How long can i drive in Qatar with my international driver's permit before I'm forced to change my Australian license to a Qatari one? When I do change over to a Qatar license do I actually lose my Australian license? I'd prefer to keep it if possible...
Hi; Can anybody suggest a good place for business card printing with arabic translation. Also service of delivery after printing; sample collection. Thanks Our contact: 457 2600 ilm@qatar.net.qa
Hi Guys; Just wandering if anyone on QL knows about this car or where i can get the cars engine computer programmed. The one we have is the original Eleanor with "ford racing" engine. The ford service shop in industrial area dont seem to know anything about this car. Any help would be greatly appretiated :)
Hi all; My flight arrives to Doha at 5:10 AM. Is it feasible to get to my first day of work in Al Jasra by 8 AM; taking into account the processing time for the tourist visa; etc? Are the taxis at the airport operating this early during the day? Thanks.
Which is the best economic car I can buy for myself in Qatar ? Please comment...
guys how can i make a visit visa for my parents?
Interview was completed and provisional offer was discussed and it was informed that they would send me the final offer letter within a weeks time. But its 2 weeks now. Anyone has any inputs/experiences on how long it usually takes for QR to process the Offer roll out and then visa processing?
Ay'up everyone; hearing conflicting reviews about the Sealine Beach Resort - Is it any good?
Hi folks; I am just wondering where I can find a notary public to witness my signature and stamp a document for me. I have tried many embassies and a few law firms; but no luck. My country doesn't have an embassy here and all others will only provide this service to to their nationals. Any help on this matter would be greatly appreciated. Cheers
If someone come to Qatar in a free visa;is it necessery to get NOC from the person who is providing(Sponser) the visa before employing in some other organization?
Hey guyz I need an urgent help I bought a car in UAE and I want to register the car under my name in Qatar and I dont know what to do :P nothing at all Please provide me with the information needed and the fees I have to pay thanks
me and my friends are looking for a basketball courts that we can play... free the better!!!
Recieved an email stating that kids would be giving the flu vacination (parents consent required) Anybody recieved such emails? would be nice to know your thoughts on this.
I updated my unlocked/jailbreaked phone to version 3.1.3 accidentally and not able to unlock it anymore...Is there any shop where I can get this fixed ? Thx
hi guys.. i'll be straight-forward; do anyone of you guys know anybody whom i can pay to arrange a driving license for me.. because; today a friend of mind got a license without even attending driving school here.. he paid a guy to arrange everything.. if u know somebody; please reply to this... thanks..
I have been looking all over Doha for buying a full size 5 piece Acoustic Drum Set for my son. Does anyone know which are the shops in Doha that sell these Drums of good quality-Tama;Pearl;Maxtone etc. Thnx. for Replies in advance.
Where can i donate books?
Adaab;Salam;hi to all. the weekend is here with the yearstart. hope u all have a wonderful plannings fr weekend and some new year resolution for the year start. Risk uncle ap please ye point apnay resolution maye zaroor rakaye k ap eyesight glass buy karaye gay kanjoosi ko choor kar ; so u can read petal as petal .lol ok keep smiling everyone n enjoy ur day cheers
Dear All I would like to know that is there any rule in qatar labor law which states that a person can get a marriage paid leave for certain amount of time? your answers and suggestion would be greatly appreciated.
???????????????????
I'm moving to Qutar on Friday (in 2days. What can I wear? What can't I wear? Can I wear knee length dresses and skirts? Can they be just above the knee?
I believe because of the situation ; the fares should decrease. I was able to get online 2570 QR inclusing taxes. Any better fare ?
I'm looking to obtain work out of canada or do business elsewhere; simply because I need a change. Any 'short cuts' any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
I am planning to bring my family on visit visa. Do I need to book return ticket for them? But the plan is to extend the visa for another 4-5 months and later to convert as RP.
hi there! just wanna ask if anybody know the tuition fee incompass intl school doha... i have a 4 year old daughter who may enroll this coming school year. please help!!! thanks!
Hi all; Does anyone know if the Villagio Cinema has a Programme listing or website showing times? Thanks in advance; Q.
Hi; Today I made a mistake of crossing an orange line at an intersection somewhere between City Center and Oryx roundabout. Can someone please either tell me if there is any red light cameras there; or a list of red light cameras installed in Qatar so that I can see if that one is listed or not? Thanks for your help.
Is this illegal to decorate the vehicle with flag or sticker..!!!!!
Were can you do a laser treatment for removal of a tatoo in Qatar? Please let me know and if possible please give me numbers for clinic.
I am looking for the best fare flight from Doha to Houston; It is no need to be directly flight. Anyone can suggest me?
My uncle claims that when one goes to the toilet that you should not use paper to "clean" yourself; but instead just take a shower immedietally afterwards. What is your opinion on this?
My Qtel Thomson router disconnects every 5 or 10 minutes; I was under the impression that maybe there is some faulty internet connection or line.This has been bothering me since the past 5 days. Anyone have any suggestion.I'm quite vexed by my Modem/router.
Hi Iam French i want to buy French books for teaching for kids ..whre could i buy those books??? Its urgent !!
I need a clean place with someone that knows what is he doing.
i want to know about visit visa. now am in Doha; in visit visa for three months. if i want to go India;can i come back in same visa within one week????? regards; sreedevi
Why public toilets in Qatar are so dirty Even you go to 5 star hotels or any good restaurants there toilets are spilled with water all over. Is it necessary to have a water in toilets ? In western world there is no water in the public toilets and they are very clean. Last week i went to Shark Village one of the top hotels in the country and was not able to use the toilet as it was all spilled with dirty water suggestions please
Hi; I am planning to buy used vehicle.Please let me know How much I have to give for 2006;2007;2008 tida (1.6 L saloon)and corrolla individually. Thanks in advance
OK. The rumors about the demolition of Gold's Sym appear to be unfounded- I was just there last night looking through the windows and everything is set up like they were ready to open at any moment. So; what is the deal? Are they really closed? If so; why is everything still set up and the lights are on (but nobody's home).
Can anyone please tell me whats the price of an Iphone 4 in Doha?
I work in the UK on a salary of 17;000GBP after tax. I have a feeling my company will be offering me a comparable salary to work in Qatar. This does not include any benefits; so i will have to pay for accomadation etc. I am a British citizen; 23 and single so i do not need anything too lavish. What do you fine citizens of QL think?
Hi; I need to move compounds and I love swimming. Any suggestions on which compounds have the best pools? My price range is QR 16k. Many thanks
From where I can get Dell or HP workstations for my professional needs. I already checked Jarir; Karfur; and city center but didnt found a required pc. Is there any computer mart except Sofetell.
What is the process for getting police report for accidents?
I finished my contract last year in Qatar. I received the letter of "no objection" from my employer. Can I come back to Qatar after 3 months and work for the same company?? Your answers appreciated.
Where is Pakistani Kewra Essence in Qatar?
Do you feel the same ?
where to buy a acoustic guitar ? and any price indications ? thanks
Are there any gevey sim turbo here in qatar for iphone unlock??? i want to buy one.
Hi friends. I am working in Qatar. Next month i want to go to Dubai for 1 week. Currently iam working as an Acountant. But in my Visa the profession is showing " Painter". I know this is a problem. Plz tell my friends is there any chance to visit Dubai? If yes; plz tell me the proceedures.
Hi all... I've just arrived in the lovely Qatar last week!! so far so good!! haha.. My wife and children arrive in March.. I am wondering what is the best English speaking nursery for my 2 yr old lad... We are located in Education City.. Fees are not a problem as it's in my employers contract to pay for it. Ta in advance for advice Stu
Hi all; My company is giving me only exit permit and said it would cancel my visa after i exit; is it possible. More over i have got a job offer from Dubai who wants my visa to be cancelled; is it necessary to have cancellation stamp in the passport or it is ok to cancel via system. Kindly reply.
all i can find here is white ;blue n pink colors....can sumbody tell me where to find baby clothes in BRIGHT colors like orange; yellow bright green ;tiger n pooh bear prints... pleassee urgent help needed.
I like to know how American Embassy at Doha send new passport? Do they mail to you or send confirmation through email? I have applied and waiting for a response from them.They haven't gave me any paper or anything.
How many are the Sick leaves and Public Holidays as per Qatari Labour Law? In my offer letter; company has mentioned that - 'I shall be entitled for sick leave days as per Qatari Labour Law' and 'I shall be entitled for public holidays as per Qatari Labour Law' What are all the public holidays and when in Qatar? Please help.. Thaks in anticipation. Thanks;
in which shop in doha i can buy paper shredder for personal(home)use
I am planning to take CCNA certification course. Which would be the best Institute to take the course in DOHA. Can anyone suggest the BEST Center names.
Any idea where I can find laptop batteries - I need for lenovo X61 ??
Hi Guys; Is there any place where we can get sugarcane juice in Qatar ? thanks for your answers in advance :)
Let me know that any University offering MS Psychology in Qatar; I visit Qatar University site but they don't such offer.
to Mind their Own Business?
Does anyone know of any good locations to go crabbing? The only place I know where people go crab hunting is at Simaisma (crabs not as abundant as before).
i have one minibike 49cc.. can i ride in qatar?
I am putting super fuel in my car (Civic 2004) in place of premium. What effect it will have on it? Any improvement in pick up; mileage; performance?
I was thinking of getting a roommate but I am new; so it's a bit hard to find someone reliable. Any good/bad experiences??
Hello everyone I want to know how much time does it take to get a visa for UK.I am flying this 17 oct but waiting for my visa.I applied yesterday only.Can anybody advice?
Hi All; I wanted to know how many empty pages are required for the work/residence perment for Qatar. I have only 3 pages left on my passport. Also for the Pakistani here can you tell can i apply fro MRP here in Doha? cheers
Hi everyone :) I've recently moved to Doha and was wondering if there are any Australian social clubs or groups?? Also is there anyone here interested in photography?? Where can i find a Yoga class?? Any tips or warnings are welcome..Feeling very lonely and bored here :(
I am working here as MD of a company for past 3 months. I want to bring my wife to stay with me. What is the process? What type of VISA I will have to apply? Any other formality has to be performed before I call her?
Hi; We are trying to buy few IT related book to our Office; But doesnt know from where to buy those?? Plz advise Thanks in advance!!
I have family who is renting for 2500QAR per month. This is a small 4x4 are there any other 4 x 4 options fo a similar price? Please share your experiences and the reliable companies you have used :) Would be soooo apreciated!
I think I got a trafic fine for speeding but not sure if I was on the road that time. what police station can show me the picture? thanks
i dont know thts the reason i ask if somebody can tell me... is every girl or female cover her hair ;;head like all muslim wimen do....in qatar i really need to know tht
__________ is the greatest expression of love.
Please let me know any repair shop; preferably near Al Sadd Thanks.
I have an offer from REDCO International as a Construction Engineer. I am satisfied with the salary that they are offering me but I really want to know that how do they treat their employees ? Please comment. Thanks
I am here in Qatar for more than 5 years; I want to bring my brother in Qatar; Can any body tell me if i can get visit visa for him; and what are documents required to apply for the visa and where to apply
i have cbq bank account. i want 2change to other bank. most probabally doha bank ? anyone know whih one is the best bank in doha ? no hard fellings to both bank if any ql bankers
Im here on vacation . and just what to see if there is a cource or a study group for sat exams :] thank you .
whats store can i buy a Meal Replacement powder drink here in Qatar?
Help! I just want to ask if NOC is again required for visit visa extension? the visit visa is personal visit/ father sponsoring his daughter. Thank you very much! Cheers!
I want to admit my kid in class II next year; kindly give me genuine opinion; which is the best indian school; MES or Birla Public school? or is it good to put my kid in some International school
Does anyone have any idea if there is any sort of daycare that works by the hour or by the day? means that I need to find a temporary daycare that I can put my baby there when needed. Is there anything like that here in Doha?
Dear all; I wud like to knw how many of u have tried the special K kelloggs Challenge..??was it effective?im skipping 1 meal as per their program to lose sme kgs and instead eating it...has it worked for u??Thanx for sharing ur genuine experiences.....
Can Anyone help me in this??? I could not complete my education ... i l be 25 tis september... is their any way to get a batchelors degree from qatar while working???
Can somebody suggest the best store where i can get the best sunglasses for ladies. Where can i find a store with the best variety?
Hi friends; I am working as IT application developer; I got a visa with occupation as administrative; Now i want to go for bakrid vacation to Dubai; people are saying that it is impossible to visit dubai with this visa can anyone help me how to proceed for this
i m currently a student of 12th (CBSE) in Qatar. I need advice regarding further studies in taking up ACCA degree from Qatar itself. Guide please.
i am an average guy.. i need to see few games from quater wc 2011 qater finals.. where are the venues.. i don't have cable line..any internet website live videos of games..please suggest
Many clinics : but which one is good and provides a reliable professional service at sensible prices ?
I am half way through my 8 weeks course of taking Zyban for quit smoking. Hamad has run out of stock of Zyban and I am unable to find a palce to buy this prescription drug. If I dont complete the course; the half treatment may not help. Can anybody guide ? Perhaps some of our friends may have some stock of Zyban (left over ?). Regards Rudran
I can't no longer enjoy driving in Qatar... I don't know why does everybody always in rush while driving his car... I can't no longer enjoy driving in Qatar...
Hi Everybody... Could someone help with Information reagrding Qatari Cuisine? I am planning to document local Qatari Cuisine and its history. Any one who could help? Thnks..
Can anyone tell me when camel races are held? Thank you.
hi.. I have come to qatar in visit visa.and i like to work in qatar.but i heard that girls with visit visa cant seek jobs here.i would like to know is it possible for me to work here under these limitations..if no;can u suggest any alternative?
My daughter loves to eat Hamous and Kubus (arabic Bread) can any body tell me whether it is good for her health Thanks.
can anyone help me out in finding the sony vaio and hp service centers in doha
As announced by the Ministry of Awqaf through The Imams of Masajid here; Please note that tomorrow is not the 9TH of Muharram ul Haram(1st Month of Islamic Year). Tomorrow(Sunday) will be 8th of Muharram. So one should Fast on 9th(Monday) and 10th(Tuesday) of Muharram or 10th(Tuesday) and 11th(Wednesday) of Muharram.
It's my first year in Doha and I'm not sure what days we get off for Eid Al-Adha. Can anybody tell me which days this year; private sector workers; get off for Eid? I want to get away for the long weekend but I can't book flights until I know for certain. Thanks;
Hi; I got a interview call for a teacher's position in a Independent School; what salary should I expect ? I have 3 year experience; replies appreciated ! Thanks
Many Indian schools here took winter vacations before actual winter started to join eid with christmas. They started vacations from eid instead of Christmas to help parents of all enjoy eid and christmas. But my kids now finding it very difficult to wake up for school. They simply hate going to school. What are your comments?
Looking for a Lebanese barber in Doha? Or a good barber that can do a good fohawk? All suggestions appreciated!
It's our first time to visit this country and aside from the information from the net; I really don't know where to go/ or what to do.. Can anyone please help us? Any tips and bits will really help :))
Where is the best place to go to buy garden containers? I want to buy the pot ones as the plastic ones just go brittle in the sun. Somewhere there is a good choice and reasonable price. Thanks
Can someone provide a salary range for a Senior Petroleum Engineer with 15 years experience joining RasGas? I am a Brit. Is QP a better employer than RasGas? Do they offer more? Thanks.
Can anybody tell me where is Doha clinic?
Dear Freinds;am Rafeeq..i renewed my passport.and i have to go to India.and my visa status with old passport.should i change it to new passport ?;my visa will expire on november 2009..pls help me Regards Rafeeq
How do you find housemaid/nanny? What is the easy and fast way of finding one? - through an angency or privately? How? How much do you pay monthly?
Anyone knows a Hospital or a Doctor who specialized in Hearing problems...Or making an Earring Aid? Its for my Father...Please send me a Private Message. Thanks and much appreciated.
Hey guys; Is it possible to buy car in Qatar on installments? what are the requirements to do so ? thnx; LK
Chak De India
Curious ... Can someone tell me if it mentions in the Quran somewhere; Thou shalt close thine restaurant doors at prayer time and not allow thy potential customer entry; but instead leave him sat on the doorstep for 30 minutes in the searing heat to wither away ... but only in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia? For this is what just happened to me last night. Yours; Hungry and annoyed of Al Khobar.
If yes please respond ASAp
Mga KABAYAN help please...Currently I am in Dubai UAE and i got new employer in Qatar..According to them they are in need of my Attested education Certificate...How to do this and exactly what kind of attestation it is? Redribbon from DFA or CHED attestation?
Hey all; I was wondering if anyone knows where i can gain skkills / learn corporate level Arabic. For instance any centers? the most altleast the intermediate level arabic in written form. your response will be appreciated. Thank you all
Hai everyone; i am new in qatar.i am a civil engineer seeking job.So guys please list some of the good standard construction companies here so that i can try their.
I know they sell Yamaha electric guitars in the East store but are their other stores that sell different Electric guitars like the Gibson; Fendor; PRS or other brands?
For example; I have a dead desktop computer from 1998. Also an old mobile and; hmm; maybe some other broken gadgets lying around. Any places in Qatar for recycling and/or collection of electronic waste??
Looking for stores in Doha where there are stores selling curtain rings. I currently have a pair of curtains with rings already attached but the curtain rod's diameter is slightly large for the rings to slide in. Is there a store that sells various sizes metal rings where I could perhaps get some for my curtains. Please help me find these as I am having such a hard time getting my curtains installed.
Do Qatari people have word of honor? Do they mean on what they are saying? Are they true to their words? I dont want to generalize but there are some who promised to release a certain document on a particular date but days passed by but nothing yet. Its irritating! Management skills = nothing
Hi; we are thinking about leaving our Uk home to live in Doha. We have a little boy who will be two in January and we are wondering if it is a good place for toddlers. Are there any groups and play areas etc. Also what kind of accomodation should we consider? What are the benefits of living in an apartment block to living in a villa or compound. Any information would be greatly appreciated. Many thanks!
Hi; Any advice for my friend who just confess to me that he is not currently employed to the company that promised him to process his working visa but after 11 months now still no action from the company. Can you guys give us some ideas on what steps we should take. Cause I am thinking of seeking a legal action from the Labor Department or going to a attorney or any other relevant offices to this case. Thank you;
Were can I buy pen scanner in Qatar and what will be the price???
I heard healthcare is free for all in Qatar. Is that correct?
I just wanna ask regarding what clothes to bring and not to bring. I'm a Filipina; about to go to Qatar; and I've heard that there are clothes that are not allowed to be worn there in Qatar. Is it different from Dubai? Can anyone help on the specifics; so that I wont have to bring clothes that are not allowed. Thanks.
Is it true that all airlines operating from Doha to various Asian destinations allow 40 kg of free checked in baggage? Can someone advise. Regards
Which 1 wud u choose?
Is an online degree from an accredited university (KAPLAN USA) acceptable for verification by Qatar Education Certifications?
I am in desperate need of QR 1400/- i don't have valuable to sale but if anyone interested in having Nintendo Wii with plenty games for a month can contact me at 3065581. After a month i'll return your QR 1400/- and take back my Nintendo Wii. The exchange should happen before 8am tomorrow. Only interested people can contact me; please no negotiation.
any one knows where to buy front and rear bumpers and side skirts for honda integra 1996 model? please tell me... tnx
I have qtel and dlink router in 1 computer; but my dlink is not secured; is there anyone knows how to configure my dlink?
I'm wondering 'coz I'm under company visa not husband visa; is there any possibility to apply family visa for my sister? My salary is QR5;000 me and my husband are working; and reason if ever my sister could help me to take care of my daughter instead of pick and drop to the baby sitter and paying other people..
anyone knows where can i get some accesories of Honda Civic?e.g.spoiler;mags etc.
Does anyone know of a good mattress shop in Doha? Does Home Center have a good one?!
Hi everyone; I want to buy designer Gift baskets in bulk; want to know if guys can recommend where i can get varieties and options ; and if there is contact number of the whole seller dealing in the same. Thanks for your help in advance.
Hi; It's time for us to think about getting cars more semi-permanent . We are undecided whether to buy; to lease; or to rent. We've been renting cars for awhile now. Let's just say we need cars in Qatar for maximum of 2 years. What do you think is best?
hai friends; please help out me that presently iam working with etisalat in dubai and i got the offer for 12k qtr so is it sufficient for normal life in qatar and another q is iam having manual driving license from uae and is it a valid in qatar or not
My wife and me are going on a cruise ship fairly shortly for which I need a Schengen visa - thats ok but as part of the application; I need travel insurance - the cruise company cannot help with their standard package as its only available to UK residents. Anybody suggest where I can purchase Travel Insurance either on line or in a shop in Qatar. Thanks
Which is good for viewing TV channels; LCD TV or Plasma TV. What is the difference between LCD and Plama TVs. Thanks for your answere
Hi; Can you please tell me some price ranges for each of the following coupe cars? peageot; mitsubishi; honda; hyundai? Thanks in advance! :D
Does anybody know any DICKIES STORE here in Doha?
Is Aqua Park now open to visit ???
I want to drive my car to Egypt this summer; but every time I ask; i get (you must get Triptic From Qatar cars Club) or something like that. and it needs Qatarian Sponsor. Is there any way to go there by car without this Qatarian Sponsor for the Triptic??? The car is installed on Commercial Bank. Do i need any thing more Than Saudi Transit Visa??? Please Help
Can anybody tell me where to find this snacks; if its even available here in Qatar? Thanks!
Hi ! Any suggestion where in Doha I could find good PC/Laptop technician to clean up; reformat and re-install XP plus neccessary upgrades ? Is such service pricey here ? I forgot my rescue discs in Canada; so need someone locally to give me hand with that. Thanks.
New in city; can somebody guide me how can I reach to Shabeer ka hotel aka jamaal al jamaal restaurant and Sara pakistani restaurant? How can I reach these places if I am coming from C Ring Road Ramada intersection towards Jaida flyover? will be grateful
Heard Hamad has temporarily stopped taking in new patients (expats)for IVF treatments; has this happened to anyone else? Also; does anyone know any other IVF clinics in Doha?
can any body help me to know if there is any cycle shop in doha. i would like to see different models and purchase one for my son. thank u
HI; I Want buy a car;Which one is good;i like mazda3;plz give me a suggestion? thank u
I am looking for music teachers for my daughters- one plays the trumpet; the other the clarinet and both play the piano. I have been unable to find any teachers. Can you help please?
Which ones are the best looking ones? Care to explain your QL avatar?
Does anyone know of any institutions that offer introductory photoshop courses in Doha?
I want to purchase a Abaya. I checked many shops but it is very costly. Around 1000/- to 1500/-. But i dont want to spend that much. Please suggest any shops there i can buy cheap Abaya. Please post the details and cost of Abaya. Thanks
Where can I get organic fruits and vegetables in Doha? Thanks for your answers! Sapote
Hello; Please suggest few places where I can conduct a family get together for approx. 30 people. Thanks--
is it true that as a foreigner (of any nationality) residing in qatar you re required an exit permit by your sponsor every time you need to get out of the country even for a week-end get away! I find it strange and life complicating? could any one confirm it ? thank you dear readers
we are from Karachi;Pakistan. A family of 6 including 2 senior citizens; 2 childrens and 2 adults. We want to mind up our businesses from Karachi and shift to Qatar; residence as well as business. we would like to be acknowledged with places suitable for running a saloon and for residence purposes also; not too far from Madina Khalifa.
Hello I want to get driving licence. When I enquired at driving school they told me to do eye test and learner's licence. Where is authorised center to do eye test? Can I get learner's licence in one day? Regards; Naveen
Hi everyone i just want to know if you're in business visa you want to go home. we need exit permit? Please give some information thanks.
Last week i applied for family visa for my 2 kids directly to immigration at Gharafa (which is the new process); unfortunately it was rejected Fellow QL Peeps; if you encountered similar to what happened to me recently; what will be the next step?
Counld anyone help me; Can I change my visa profession within a year from first visa Issue date? Thanks in advace
Hi there :D dose anyone knows how much would it cost to get a driving license !! although i have had it before in my country so practically i know how to drive. any HELP !?
any tips to get cooler water ?
hi..i need to buy a portable stand for my son"s Yamaha keyboard.The guys at Modern home recommended the souqs. Anyone knows the exact location of any shop? thanks.
Whats your best hangover cure? I feel terrible :(
Hi All QL'ers... I would like to get some info from members here. If wife is under husbands sponsorship and got an offer to work with a private firm as a Secretary with 7yrs years experienced;what kind of pay;benefits etcs can the wife to expect or be offered? Your info is much appreciated. Bogster
Hi; can anyone advise where can I do permanent eyelash (last 2-3 months) curling? The majority of beauty salons here have only eyelash extension. Appreciate your help/advise.
is it necessary to submit labour contract for family visit visa??
If you buy an iphone in Qatar from Qtel or Vodafone does it come unlocked so that you can use it with another service provider when you travel etc?
Can anyone tell me where is the nearest child hair cutting salon around al sadd or fareej al nasr area.
And trying to get in through the windows. What do you do?
could u pls give ceo's email adree? thank you
Hi; Does anyone know if there is a Majlis /forum for Muslim converts in Doha? Or is there a way of getting in touch with such a community? Thanks.
i would like to buy a psp but i am confused ;which one to buy plzz help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am looking for that book coz I am really a book lover so I want to buy that one; so anyone can tell me if it is available here and where can i find that?
I'm going to resign my present job;thr will be 2 years ban and I wanna comeback to qatar for visit visa.is it possible?
Hi; i am getting a job opportunity in Bouygues Batiment International (BBI Qatar);tell me howz this company;management;system etc etc???
With this post of mine; fishing for compliments am entering the 10000 points club of QL :P Its been wonderful being on board with all the bashes ; fights; coffee meets ; beach barbecues with all you ;) Thank you all and Thank you QL for all those lovely buddies I found. :P
Dear Qlers; i need your kind advise can you pls tell me which is car i need a small car which is good KIA or SUZUKI in kia i saw picanto and suzuki i saw one starting with c... many thanks n advance
Hi.... my friend is pregnant is she is craving for malunggay. Can you help me where to find malunggay leaves (native from Philippines) and fresh coconut milk? Thanks a lot
urgently needs a massage tonight. i am man and prefers a man massager as well.
hello all you moms out there; i will be travelling soon back home on a direct 3.5 hour flight with Qatar Airways; any words of advise; recommendation; any special requests i should ask qatar airways etc....
Can someone please tell me if an American bought Play station 3 can be used in Doha? Thanks
Hello; I got an offer amounting 2;200-2;500QR mothly all free..is this acceptable? i dont have an idea about the cost of living. Employer needs my answer until tomorrow. please help. Thanks; Aisteru
dear frndz. could you plz suggest me a best skin specialist in doha for my 2 yr old baby.
Anyone know for sure about the tap water? I have been told that the Nestle and Rayyan bottled H2O have fluoride; but does that apply to the five-gallon bottles as well? In theory the same water goes into both the 0.5l bottles and the giant 5gal bottles. . .but this is Doha. . . Thanks; Expat Sueo
We just picked up a Golden Retriever(Friday 11h30am) of C Ring Road near the airport. Anyone know of someone who lost his dog ??? Looks like a domesticated dog with leash and collar still attached. Pls contact me on 688 6924 or 588 5632
where can i find Yazbeck Wetsuits? is that brand available in qatar ?? thx a lot
Anybody suggest a best antivirus program with total security for windows 7 operating system.
i know its so silly to ask. but; i just want to be sure. my son and i came here on a family visa which is issued by Qatar Petroleum. after all the processing; we've got our RP. i could'nt read its in arabic. in my RP says "FAmily" my question is.... who is our sponsor? QP or my husband? a drop of reassurance will be highly appreciated.
Hi How much does a car like chevy aveo can be had on rental for a year.?Also is there any hidden charges with * terms and conditions ? Who is the best rental company here? thanks rgds sri
Hi Guy's; I am planning to buy a used car. But thre is a roomer going on more than 4 yrs old vehicle sometimes later; if we re-sell to someone; the buyer can not change the registration to his nme. People saying this rule is already implimented in Dubai. Now this can be implimented here too very soon. Also what is the reiability of computer testing for used cars performance? Can you name any reliable centers in Najma or near by areas? thx
Guys; If I am currently employed on a temporary contract and will transfer to another company before one year of employment from my current employer; (my employer issues an NOC)will there be an issue when my new company applies visa for me? Just an added info; the job that I will be leaving is my first job here in Doha. Will surely appreciate to hear from you guys. Thanks a lot!
I am interested to go Pallikal (not sure if correctly spell) a village in Kerala in India. Should anyone knows the place and is from there; do please PM me... I need to visit this village....but dont speak malayalee... Appreciate any assistance; thank you...
Can someone rent a cab (taxi) for the whole day? Or do they drop you off somewhere and then you have to get taxi again? How does that work? Also; is Karwa really that bad?
Does anyone know when City Centre or Villaggio are open?
what is the documents required to obtain family visa?
Does anyone know where I can buy soya flour? I am also looking for any Atkins products. Thanks for your help.
Hello; The Qatari National Day festival is on a Friday (18/12/2009). Since it is an official holiday as per local regulations; do we have to give a working day off to workers (i.e. let them off the following Saturday)? Please answer only if you know the answer officially not on a guessing basis. Thanks.
Hey there - I was wondering of anyone knew if there would be any fireworks anywhere this evening for New Year - we are spending a relatively quiet night in with the family but wondered of it would be worth making it up to the roof at midnight eg - if any hotels were doing fireworks that we may be able to see from the Al Sadd area Thanks in advance xxx
Could some one guide me what shall I start my High school here in doha. I want to do some courses which can help me to find a good job here in doha also I want to continue my studies I ant to do graduation by foreign University. Could anyone guide me about that? you can Pm me as well Thanks
Heyy...Can anyone tell me where the building of Qatar Tribune newspaper is located? Thanxxxx Fem
hi Where could i make buissness card? and for how much?
With Qatar Airways expanding rapidly - has anyone any insight into a possible route from Doha to Scotland (Edinburgh)? Had heard murmur of this possibly..
I have purchased a 42" LCD tv and want to take it to India as accompanied luggage by Qatar airways. Is it possible or not?.Pl.any one can answer to me.The size of the TV original packing is 130cm x 20cm x 70cm.
Qlers; does anyone here knows a doctor specializes in erectile dysfunction?
Hi; I plan to go Dubai with family (2 adults and 1 baby)for holiday on May. can anyone please recommend a good and reasonable price of hotel or apartment in Dubai? Preferably close to Emirates Mall.. Convenience. Budget about 200-400QR per night. Thank you.
Heard a rumour that WAC has closed down. Is it true? Anyone know why? Seems a shame to close down one of the very few places of culture to be found in Qatar. Perhaps they need the space for another coffee chain outlet.
I'm sure that Doha is like Dubai in the sense that there are bound to be a ton of Starbucks all over the place. My question though.. is which one is the best for socializing? Where I'm from in Texas the Starbucks I most frequented there was always a ton of people that you could randomly sit down with and have a chat. Is there any place like that here... other than a bar. Ryan
Two days ago I found out that the car I am using has been fined QR 300 and 3 points. But on this day my car was unmoved from the place car being parked in our building. What I need to know is what can I do about this as I am 100% sure on that day the car was unmoved. Any advise on this?
HI. I really need to get hold of a specific type of commercial space. My experience with the agents has been miserable and I think I need to advertise my requirement to Qataris. I don't think many read Qatar Living though. Anyone have any advice on how to advertise my search to a Qatari audience?
HELP............. I just bought PSP slim made in Japan with 4.01 Firmware. It showed PSP-2000 model on the hardware. I tried to downgrade to be able to play game in memory; but still have not luck. Borrowed pnadora battery from friend; when I plug it the system never come out. It keep blinking the green on battery side. Anybody could help to guide or help me to solve the problem?
Who can (kindly) explain the difference between visit and work visas...the plusses and minuses...pls
we are facing problem with Cockroaches is good bye roaches good for it;any idea to solve this permanently
i bought a 2006 model car with low mileage;sure a little higher price from market rates; but when i checked it from agency;i was informed that its meter reading is manipulated and it is approx; 100;000 less than actual; what can i do now; waiting ur advice.previous owner said he don't know.
Where can I find an agency that has cleaning services for private homes? Anybody knows?
Where can I do CD punching/ bulk copying in qatar? Is there any legal formalities needed for publishing my own devotional audio songs? Any restrictions for marketing this type of cd's in the market?
I don't know if the rest of the QL-ers are receiving these messages still; but I am and it's pretty much annoying. Someone (obviously form different accounts) is sending messages to my inbox talking about love and faith and don't know what else. I'm not interested so maybe it has to stop? Where are the mods from this? Just asking.
What products or services (franchises included) from the Philippines can we bring in or start here in Qatar? We are a group that is strongly considering this opportunity.
i had read recently in a local newspaper that the qatar trade fair is going to come this month; but i'm lost with the date exactly.. can anybody tell me when its starting and ending... plz..?? its going to be in exhibition centre as always.
I'm looking for milk which is especially made for pregnant women with baby brain boosting DHA and other vitamins. Is it available in Qatar at all? Thanks.
One of my friend asked me to help him in starting an internet cafe Can someone help me:) to know what are the procedures and registeration costs to start a net cafe in qatar?
Hi Everyone; My friends who are both married to each other would like to visit me in Qatar. We were planning for them to stay with me. I am a single man with two bedrooms. Is it acceptable for them to stay in the other bedroom or would that be against Muslim laws?
Does anyone in QL have any info regarding an amount increased for family Visa..Plz Advise Genuine replies would be much appreciated Thanks in Advance to all!!!
I have an impt question and need expert feedback. If the last day of annual leave is immediately followed by 3 days of Eid holidays; Are these 3 days considered as part of annual leave? In my company the HR Dept. calculates the 3 days as extension of annual leave and hence leave without pay. Is this correct as per the law? Experts pls guide.
Can anyone recommend a good Turkey tour travel agent or tour package? David
i Am living in Mansora and i want to take admission in driving school But i don't know which driving school is near to Mansora So I can Go there Easily..
Hey guys! Can anyone tell me the price of a pack of Marlboro (or similar) cigarrettes in Doha? Thank you very much!
I was fined QR500 for "Owning more than one license from the same class". I only have one driving license for my car and have not done any amendment to my driving license. Could anybody please explain what the fine means?
Hi everyone; my friend got his license from his home country a few months ago.His age is 17. Is there anyway that he can get a driving license with his age? all advices will be appreciated... thank u in advance...
Hi; everyone; could you help me to describe about safety environment in Doha-Qatar?? It's safe or not; especially for woman and expatriate? Thank you..^^
Doe anybody know anything about this job offer coming from Neptune energy malaysia?. Cos dey look so fake. The employment form does not look real and d logo on it is questionable
I have a 2.5 years old son with a delay in speech. I wonder this is a sign of autism. Is there a doctor in doha who can help me. Please help me.
HUY GUYS : today's weather 48 degree hot ;how v survive this ********************HOTTY CLIMATE******************************************************
so; what kind of music do you like?
Block everything. Including your nose.
Okay I need to find a piercing parlor in Doha; I live in lot 2 of the Qatar Academy housing. I need a good clean place were I can get my ears pierced... Can you help me out? Oh also if you know of one; is it open at some point during Ramadan? Thank you so much!
I'm planning on shipping (or driving over) my RHD UK car to Qatar for the duration of my contract. I'll be taking it back to UK at the end of the contract. The car is only 2 years old. What are the procedures to do this? Whom should I contact? I sent an email to the MOI over a week ago; but I'm yet to get a response back. I'm in Doha now so please advice me where I can go to arrange this. Regards; ys
Hi Everyone Now that I am in Qatar (without the wife) I find myself spending increasing amounts of time playing snooker (15 reds; 6 colours - not pool) and I want to know if there is anywhere in Qatar where I can buy a decent cue? Thanks and anyone fancy a game? (I am not good - yet!!) Cheers Mode
Company will be paying for accommodation but can anyone give a hint of what type place Mesaieed is? Have worked in Kuwait and Saudi but don't know what to expect on new project.
Which anti virus is better? Nortor or Kaspersky?
looking for milkshake maker that can be used at home can anybody help me plz??
Please help. I have pimples and spots from pimples; what can I use; and were do I get the product? Thanks in advance.
My friend was in Saudi Arabia for the one year. Now under vacation in Sri Lanka. But he is not interested in going back to Saudi due to some problems with employer. I think as per the rule he will be getting EXIT and cant go back to Saudi for next two years to work under another employer. Can he apply immediately for another GCC country or the Saudi EXIT will effect all GCC countries.
I have a Suzuki Boulevard 1800 CC done 11000 Kms and I want it to be shipped to India ( Bangalore ). Can anyone help me in : 1. Finding the right service 2. Understanding the documentation and legalities 3. Do's and Don'ts and any special points to be kept in mind. Any inputs would be highly appreciated.
Hey guys is there anywhere (preferably where I can have a beer!) I can watch the England v West Indies cricket game? I was thinking Champions in the Marriott but its not actually a very nice bar in my opinion. Any other hotels or one of the few licensed bars? Cheers
My sister asked me to buy her a 100% purple maple syrup. Where can I buy it?
If any body know about any car less than 1000 riyal for rental;please answer me.
Is the HBO channel on in Qatar?
Morning; can anyone help me; I need to contact someone at the supreme council of health to arrange a meeting to discuss a business proposal concerning people with special needs. I have tried sending an email but it bounced back; the website is not responding this morning so can't find any other contact details. Many thanks
Hi everybody.. I am moving to Doha in a few days and would like to know if Vonage(VoiP) works there? Anybody who is already using it?? im sure there must be some people out there already using it. Please if someone has any info on this; do let me know. Thankx.
Hi; Just happened to read on msn health that one of the 14 kitchen gadgets required for any " healthy kitchen" is the Good Grips Salad Chopper with bowl. Does any one know if this is available in Doha - if so where ? WE do so love salad at home but are often deterred by not being able to chop the leaves into teeny weeny bits. AP
Hello everyone; I have the below query; could anyone clear my doubt? * Minimum salary requirements to apply family visa. * How long will it take to process family visa upon Submitting . * How long its valid once issued. * Important documents needed to apply family visa. Thank you !!!
What is the significance of have JCI accreditation when a hospital cannot give proper intervention to even its own working staff; little less general population? One Qatari told me. Trying to get a proper straight answer from the doctors is like trying to catch a chicken blindfolded. That is why we go overseas for treatment. I did not find this comment reassuring. How would you rate medical services here in Qatar?
I went to Immigration main office to get visa for my brother's daughter. I tried if i could get family visa for her. Unfortunately; i was advised to go to aiport and get tourist visa. My questions are: How much is the tourist visa if applied in airport? How long is its validity. Is it the same as 28days? Is it extendable? Thanks
Hello! Do I need to carry my expired and my renewed NEW passports together?! Please advise. Thanks.
And you're telling me why husbands cheat on their wives???
Hello All; I am new here in Qatar and wanted to build my own Food Business; a resto or cafe. I'm hoping if you can suggest any location where I can start my business. Let me know also of the best architects or company of architects who can help me design my stores. Contact numbers of individuals or companies are greatly appreciated. Looking forward for any help that I can get. Thank you!
"I answer sarcastically either verbally or in print when..." for all the members of QL;its just a game;no need to over exert yourselves!lol
Hi How and where from can I get the International Driving License. I am possessing the Qatari Driving License. How quick I can get and how much it costs. I want to use this IDL in countries of Europe; Cananda and USA.
where is the best shop I can buy from it computer software
hi dear memberz how r you all. freinds lets see who is more educated here?? but please dont mention your future plans only mention your current education. (truth will be appreciated)...thanx me graduate..
Hi there; is anyone going to see 30 Seconds to Mars in Abu Dhabi (Yas Island)?I am going for sure so feel free to contact via PM if you care to join. Cheers; Tim
Hey; has any of u been to Zaoq pakistani restaurant in salwa road ? Any recommendations ?
Anyone has some ideas in Doha? Thanks
Hi All; Presently I am on a Business Visa is it possible my dependents join on Tourist/Visit Visa? Appreciate for your response
best christmas cake in Doha?
What is considered a good package in Qatar? I was approaced by a company; they offer 1800USD + housing + relocation + schooling + transport. Is this good; bad ..... or just okay?
Can anyone tell me the price range of studio apartments in towers in West Bay cost? I'm going to start working in one of them and would like to live near work if possible.
hi i'v got my license...and i want to gift something my instructor any suggestions bcoz i dont have any idea what to gift...??thankyou for your suggestions
I've always wondered who at Qatar Airways would have the authority to upgrade you. In the EU and US the gate agents themselves have some lenience. Could your check-in agent upgrade you or would they need clearance? Anyone work for QR or has any insight?
*+i went to mall of asia few days ago+*i find a shop of rayban sunglasser*+and i cant believe it+*very cheap and original from usa*+compare to the prices back there in qatar+*really unbelievable*+
i tried also to register in paypal using my QIIB debit card. i got a confirmation that it was registered successfully and PayPal charge my card for $1.94 and will be credited soon to my paypal account. the only problem is i have to confirm it with 4digit paypal code which i dont know where to get it.when i check bank statement cant find there also can anyone help me?
Does anyone know the iPhone 3GS settings for accessing Qtel data plan? I have Shahry which includes some data; and would like to subscribe to one of the new data plans as well. Tried calling Qtel to see if they could give me the settings; but got tired of the waiting; so figured I'd ask here. If this has already been asked and answered please point me toward the link - I searched but didn't find... Thank you!
Dear Keralites pls inform me your feelings about an English speeking course only for keralites especially middle level and lower grade employees.
Family Visit Visa for my wife and son is approved as per MOI website. What's next?where to get the original printed visa? I'm from Phil. Any kabayan out there...pls help. They say visa should be stamp from Qatar embassy in the Phil and should have also letter from sponsor(me).And how about the ticket?is the dummy ticket(return) is still valid in the Phil?
Any one can help me; is it possible to transfer husband sponsord to campany visa;? if so is it required that she must exit from qatar and come back with new visa?
Hi Guys! I am under my father sponsorship and will be having my work. The company told me to have my educational certificates translated to Arabic. So I went to Asia Services in Sofitel and got it translated. When I hand it to our HR; she said to have it stamped first by our embassy and MOFA. My question is; what documents should be stamped; the original one or the translated one? Thanks in Advance :)
Does anyone know any cinema in Doha which is still showing Dostana. I missed it a few weeks back because I was rlly busy and now when we have holidays I don't think Gulf Cinema or City Centre are showing it. I also know that that both of the cinema's do not publish accurate schedules and I am hoping that they are showing Dostana; anyone have any idea? Thanks ;-]
Does anyone know if there have been any official announcements about house rents in Doha? Several months ago it was predicted that the rent will come down; but it seems that its going up; instead. Does anyone know if the rents will go higher in 2013?
Hi QL Forumers; I need some information to where to buy or what Unit of International "handy" GPRS Device shall i buy. I need a GPS when i travel to Beirut; Lebanon.. But as of now; most of the GPS that i saw is off limit to lebanon or incomplete.. appreciate your help... Thanks!!
What is your horoscope sign? Aries (3/21-4/19) Taurus (4/20-5/20) Gemini (5/21-6/21) Cancer (6/22-7/22) Leo (7/23-8/22) Virgo (8/23-9/22) Libra (9/23-10/22) Scorpio (10/23-11/21) Sagittarius (11/22-12/21) Capricorn (12/22-1/19) Aquarius (1/20-2/18) Pisces (2/19-3/20)
another 140 innocent people got killed by US army in Afghan.... how many more they need? what do you think?
We; around 4 families including children are planning to visit Malaysia for 7 days during Eid- Holidays. Please suggest popular desitinations in Malaysia and itinerary details
Mums please suggest...........
Is GOLD RATE per gram in Qatar included value added charges and all charges? Or we have to pay extra money for ornaments over the displayed rate per gram in front of the jewel shop?????????????????????????
Is there anyway to avoid the requirement of a NOC if you want to change a job and your employer does not want to give you a NOC?
I have been offered a job with QIQ Qatar. Does anyone know if it is a good company to work for. I am working in Dubai and would have to move to Doha if I accept this job. Any suggestions? Thanks
how many hours per day is legal to work in qatar;
Hi all!!! my husband got an offer from AIMANA oil and natural gas company qatar which give him 7000qatarriyal and family accomodation with electricity free.can we survive with one 10 yr kid?
i would like to travel to uae this eid viaroad. do any body know wether there are sufficiant petrol pumps at the border. how many pumps are there during transit in saudiarabia? thank u in advance
Every Round about in Qatar has a name but how to identify;I never found any nameboard on R/As
I have recently switched to a new job and sponsor in Qatar. I am now being told that I need to produce a Police Clearance certificate from my home country; before I can get the transfer of sponsorship. When I came for my first job in Qatar; 3 years ago; I was never asked to produce a Police Clearance. Would appreciate any clarification on the rules regarding this. Thanks.
Where can I find in Doha a 100% whole wheat bread?
Hi everybody! Just would like to seek information if the visit/tourist visa is trasferable to working visa?I know u guys here are very helpful..thanks! :-)
Please HELP me. Where i can Buy Kebler Chocolate Chips in Doha?
If I get a motorcycle licence here in Qatar; will I be able to convert it and add it onto a UK driving licence when I go home? No I am not looking to turn into a hells angel. This is for my son; who is curious to know if it would be quicker and cheaper to achieve a motorcycle licence over here than it is back home.
Hi friends Where to buy a charger and battery for my acer laptop? Some problem with the old charger's pin. and battery lasting only for half an hour. Plz help Regards Kalyan
Can we bring Wine or alcohol from Dubai duty free shop?
Hi all! How long can I stay in qatar upon cancellation of my RP. Can my company who applied for cancellation can do anything for its reinstatement? I appreciate very much every info you will share. Thank you...
Hi All;;;; I might be traveling to Australia. Anyone here been there and want to share their experiences? Anyone from there to share the secrets of a great time? Hope to get a good response.
i heard that Alladin kingdom is opened is that true? if it is than its so good!
Hi; Just wanted to know why most of the companies refuse to offer work visa for ladies. I have been shortlisted in 3 firms in Qatar and unfortunately ws rejected in the final phase because am on visit visa here and tht they wont offer work visa for ladies;... why such a criteria? Disappointed! Luna
Hi! I have a sonyericsson mobile and i need to backup my sms's to PC. Bcoz my sms memory is almost 95%. I have no way to transfer the SMS to memory card with my phone. plz Help me..
looking for transportation from Al Khor to Doha in the morning and from Doha to Al Khor in the afternoon from Sunday to Thursday
I heard from some one that Doha Zoo placed a 5 headed snack in the zoo.. is it true?
Please tell me any bicycle repairing shops or persons in the surroundings of Doha.. Thanks in Advance
Whats you chance of surviving A ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE find out now and take the quiz then post you results. Heres mine I have a 59% chance of surviving
Just trying to understand general preference of men clothing; I normally do at shops in shopping malls and shirts could range from 100 - 200; wanted to know where all you guys buy your office cloths from; any good shops recommendations with price range for shirts and pants?
Hi everyone; I am a UK citizen. I got a job offer from Qatar and they need some attested/verified copies of my degree. I did my bachelors engineering degree from Pakistan; and have masters engineering degree from UK. Question is; Do I need to get both degrees attested OR the recent most (Masters)degree would be enough? Thanks in advance
What happen if all expats allied to leave qatar? and what qatari government will do?
I really need to find out the price of bottled water in Qatar. I would like to see the prices of high end bottled water; like Evian; and need the price and the place that you priced it at. It would help me out a lot if you could just jot down the prices of water at the local stores and post them for me; or give me a link to a local store where I can look at their prices on the internet; if possible. thank you.
Hey guys...hope everythings fine....so I'm gonna buy a Jeep Wrangler Unlimited 2009 model. Wat do u guys think abt the car?
Looking on a couple of other threads and having read a couple of blogs; tell me if I should pack in my excess baggage: Canned pumpkin Chocolate chips pie pan And in household goods:(not sure if they will ship food) diet root beer ziplock bags book supply Curious about: Cookbooks(though seriously I can get anything from the internet; still; you got your tried/trues. . .) Is it hard to find US measure cookbooks?
Looking to buy new furniture; which are the best modern furniture shops in Doha?
As each country / state has some peek time for job searching. What is the best time to migrate to Qatar for Job searching in Software Development Area?
i am renting a room in a shared 4 bedroom flat. the person who signed the contract for the flat does not live with us (only comes at month end to collect rent payments). is this legal in qatar rent law?
Dear all; May i know pls; for the resident visa; i finished fingure last thursday; after fingure how many days need for visa stamping. 3 days or one week?
I was just wondering if anyone here has used QIB visa electron debit cards online and did it work.
i tried some colleges in qatar but no one was able to help can someone help me please
How can i apply a canadian visit visa from Qatar; Advice me please
i want to know where is the nissam show room; i like to purchase new nissan tiida;what r the colours of tiida; how much cost it will come.
Does anyone experience some internet disconnection today? or facing some issues with YM or skype?? my internet connection gets disconnection for a minute then again it is connected.this happens 5x today..tried calling qtel 111 but lost my patience in waiting for 10mins....
Guys; One of my Indian friend is looking for job In Qatar in IT Support. What should i recommend him the salary to be expected with his 1.7 yrs of IT experience ? Genuine answers appreciated.
hello im looking for a latin american school in doha or a spanish school for my 2 children ages 4 and 7.. anyone knows about one?? i just moved to doha with my husband 3 weeks ago and im new to this country
What's the best gym in Doha???
i v got a job with vodaphone through Spanco company ; Spanco wants to change my sponsorship under them not Vodaphone so spanco will be like an agency any Idea about those kinds of companies ? need advices please shall i go and change my sponsorship or no ???thanks
I was hired directly from qatar and my company said they have applied for work visa.can anyone tell how soon I can get work visa;some people are frightening me that Indians dont get work visa easily.Is police clearance certificate necessary for applying resident visa for an Indian.If so how to apply....
HI i would like to knowwhere can i find a swimming teacher (woman) for my daughter???? i would like she come my villa.
From today 4 pm local time; internet been dragging here; is it just me or whole Qatar? as always qtel customer service sucks sh*; 20 mins no ones picked yet; i hung up.. Anyones been feelin the same.. seems 2mb line isnt that fast eh? lol...remember the last time it happened some under sea cables broke up..hope its not all again.. abdallah
Where is QIB (Qatar Islamic Bank) Al Muntaza branch located ?
Hello Guys; Can anyone help me find a copy of governing rules regarding house rent increase here in Doha? Some says it should be 10% maximum; but if a sharing accomodation asked an increase of 25%; do you think it's still legal? how and where can a complaint regarding this unjust practices be made?? thanks in advance :)
Can any body advice me the requirements to convert my wife visit visa to resident Permit . thanks
Where can I walk the dog in Doha? Is it frowned upon to just walk down the street or is it prohibited? Obviously; I would clean up behind him! Thanks.
I have a number of cats constantly roaming in my home. How do i get rid of them?
Can any one help me with most recent procedure for changing UAE license to Qatar one. heared from many people that nowadays we need to surrender original UAE license at traffice department for getting a Qatar license without any tests. pls help me if any one knows the correct procedure applicable presently. Look forward to valuable comments...........
hi all where can i buy hair thinning scissors in doha for a budget around 100 QR. Thank u in Advance :)
Any good place to shop? Gucci? Thanks for your help guys!
I plan to go Makkah for Umrah on Feb or March Insha Allah. can i go with my car? because i have car loan with commercial bank?
My friend is already done in his medical and finger printing.His current sponsor is not yet processing his RP to be stamp in his passport.In his passport when he arrived here it says within seven days the bearer should process the RP. Is it true that there's a penalty? How much per day?
I missed you :-) xXx
Guys what are some fun things to do in Qatar when you have no cash? :D
Dears do anybody know where is the HP authorized Dealer location in DOHA. I am looking for Desktop Computer with high specifications; or If you know some good computer shop to help me ( except PC ONE ) because I went there and they couldn`t help me thanx
I need to put ad for some jobs available in my company. What is the best Filipino English Newspaper to contact
How come my photos changed in my account; but not when I post?
What are the best places for good; quick middle eastern food and desserts in Doha? Thanks!
Dear QL Memeber; GM Is there a Canadina Embassy in Doha???? One of my relative is a canadian; they have been blessed with a babay girl a couple of days back...they want to make the passport and other canadian documents for their baby..I just came to know that there is no canadian embassy here in qatar? is it true? if yes then how do we make the passport for their baby; as they may re-enter canada...thnx
if i want to know the address of some place where i get the information or the detail about it?
If anubody has any idea about Qatar Promotion Board please post!!!!
Does anybody know where is Sikkim Manipal University Distance Education Center in Qatar? Thanks in Advance
Does anybody know where I can but Methylated Spirits in Doha - the purple liquid spirit. I need it for a small camping stove - dont worry i'm not planning to drink it. Any help will be most appreciated.
Please tell me the End of Service Benefit in Qatar as per new Qatar Labour law. Is it 21 days or 30 days salary?.
I've been having throat allery issues for the last 2 months. Have consulted doctors at a clinic but don't think they have actually understood what the real cause is. Can someone please suggest me a good general physican urgently? Thanks
Dear sir; any one can get licences with out company NOC...?
my friend has used tires around 40 lorry tires;so he need to sell it out;please help me to find a solution....................
I need info specially to all my Kabayans on how and what are the procedure in changing my job description. What are the papers needed from the Philippines and necessary stamps.
So Small Streets in so big Buildings......... Who did the Planning???? Please Spread the City not Conjucted one.....
where can i find lady wedding white shoes for my wedding dress in doha (urgent please ) ? thanks
Has anyone used aramex service to ship from applestore or macmall any Apple products into QATAR? and if yes what was the result
is there any way to unblock a blocked account?
I looking for some ideas and suggestions on what a 9 year old girl could do for fun activities in the afternoon; preferably with other girls ?! Maybe some activities in a group ; arts and crafts; or sports; or something in that way; so she can socializes with kids . I would like to hear from you ; thank you guys :)
If the family visa was extended for 3-6 months; does it requires an exit permit before the person exits Qatar? If yes; how to apply for exit permit if i am the sponsor of my family? Thanks.
QPost - Can anybody help me with a missing parcel from QPost.. I was s'pozed to get a parcel which was sent more than a month ago from Canada....!! I have no idea how to go about searching for it.... !! I tried mailing to the complaint mails of QPost... but no replies.... !!!
please help me find a shop here in doha where to find an antique POCKET WATCH;this is a gift for my dad. just please tell the name of the shop and exact location.coz i've tried searching they rarely have this kind.all your suggestions will be highly appreciated. attached below is a sample photo.
Good day! Kindly help me with this. I have a sibling to come in doha as a tourist visa. Is it possible to convert its tourist visa into visit visa. If so; what are the forms and requirement to secure? Also the procedure of application. Thank you very much!
Please could know how to member in Qatar Bowling Centre. Where are the other Bowling centres in doha..
I'm asking who can help me; because my wife she wanted to work; is she can work with husband visa or need to have any permit? thanks...
I have seen this question asked before; but there wasn't a satisfactory answer; so I'm asking again. Is there a bus service between Doha and Bahrain? Please don't respond by asking me to take a flight instead. Thanks :)
Where can I find water purifier to fit to my shower ? I have been loosing hair and I partly blame the water for it.
Hi; Anybody knows where I can find Samsung Galaxy S 3 in pebble blue color. I have been to Vodafone; Lulu; Carrefoure; Emax but its avaiable in white color only. Regards; Kashif
I require a new charger and possibly a new battery for my Sony Cybershot DSC-T1 Digital Camera. The battery is NP-FT1. I have found many items on internet at sites like Amazon but they wont deliver to Qatar or to PO Box numbers. Other than radioshack in The Mall or City Centre anyone know of a good place to go find what i'm after cheers
do anyone knows contacts of company who is distributing Espresso coffee machines in Qatar? i need official distributor. thanx
Hello !! I'm gonna moving to Qatar next month. I'm wondering how my wife should wear also wheather and Qatar costumes..?? Thanks!!!
Hi all; im in need of some help; my son is after a game for his x box and i have crawled my way around the shops of doha without any joy; so this is my last attempt to try and find the game he wants for his birthday; the game is called LEFT 4 DEAD if anyone has one or knows of a place i can get this i will be forever greatfull and so will my son. Thanks Guy
the car type please.
sorry for posting my Question here. It looks like the questions in the Questions section appear like with the half an hour delay.. and i need the urgent answer.. Are Malls open today? if yes; what time are they open? thanks
Can anyone give me any information of either how I can see a GP this evening or what medication I can buy over the counter at a pharmacy - a slightly delicate issue regarding anxiety; so i won't bore you with too many details. I don't yet have my medical card and as for Hamad hospital I am not sure where to go once there and also not sure I have the emotional strength to sit there for the next 5 hours waiting! thanks in advance xxx
Where can I find the BEST dermatologist in Qatar? He/She needs to diagnose perfectly and be reliable! Price is no issue! I need his/her name and number!
anyone know where in Doha I can get a Fiat repaired?
Currently I am having one car under my name. now I want to take another car without selling the current one. will Traffic department allow me to transfer new car under my name or not?
hi all does anyone know if you require to show a residence contract when you apply for family visa or its not required?
Yeserday I crossed a red ;was able to stop and reverse to the white line before the signal . Any chance I will save the 6K riyals? .Didnt actually have the presence of mind to look out for the flash. I actually lost my concentration because an emergency vehicle with flashing lights on top veered to the "left only" lane and got back into the straight lane and I like a dumb bloke looked at him instead of looking at the signal
which is the good traveling agent for booking of singapore?
Am I correct in thinking that none of the restaurants at the Pearl are allowed to sell alchol anymore?
Well; the day of our arrival is fast approaching. Since QLers are experts at the long flights; what's your favorite remedy for jet lag?
Hi to everyone! I want to change my existing car engine to a new model of the same brand(Honda); how much does the traffic police department charge for changing engines.Your info will be of much help. TIA
I had 2216 points before website maintenance now I have only 216 points ? What to do?
Please any one tell me a best counceller or a psychologist?
Anybody know about honey from Qatar that can 'cure' diabetes?? My Mom met with a lady in the Mall and she mentioned about this honey from Qatar that can help you to loose weight and can cure diabetic. She said that she tried it and lost 20 something kgs. My Mom is wondering whether it is true since she is struggling with diabetes. Please share the info; if you know something... THX.
I would kill for a Khao San padthai!!! I have heard that Thai Snack is a nice place with reasonable prices! and they have even massage parlour! I cant believe! A piece of Thailand in Doha! But all posts and threads are very old. Are they still open? Can anybody update me?
I will appreciate your reply for this inquiry. Please let me know how much is the cost of enrolling in AL Khebra Driving School for FUll Course and Half Course? Is there any other schedule of fees aside from FUll and Half Courses?
Or do you let the teaboy blend your coffee/tea or any beverage?
Does anyone know what time they open today?
HI; im a girl and looking forward to work in qatar; but i had few quiers like; * can i have a visit visa and find a job not join but search for a job. * How safe is it for a women to stay as i ve two male friends working in doha. * Is it too expensive * How soon can i get a job * Is there anyproblem in coming to qatar as far as a women is concerened and working there. * and how do i start to get this visa and all to be done Thanku
Do you live to love yourself or to love others?
If you do know any vacancy in Sales / Admin. / or Merchandising Jobs in any company; please inform me as soon as possible. my brother really needs to find one before his visa expires on the 18th. Thanks in advance
hey there.. i need to buy a second hand car cash ; would i need a sponsor letter or can i go without ???
Can you please tell me where should i get a quality type internet cable ?
Hi QLers. I have seen a restaurant which will serve susjhi; is opening near crepaway at Ramada Corner but are there any places currently serving sushi?
anybody knows???Thanks....
I am planning to take the PMP certification. which is the best training center for PMP in Doha. Your valuable feedbacks will be highly appreciated.
Does anyone know of a pilates class which isn't held at a gym? I don't want to have to join a gym as I have a good one at my complext - just want a Pilates class. Any help gratefully received!
I need to know whether Apollo clinic is better for treatment or not? If you have any suggesstion; kindly post. Thanks
I'm looking into working in the middle east; in particular Qatar. I've been a carrier of the Herpes Simplex virus since birth. Will this show up on the blood test and will it affect my application?
As I know when we take final exit as per qatar law we can not re-enter before two years in case there is no NOC from employer. Is there any procedure as in U.A.E to waive the BAN by paying certain amount of fee to immigration dept. Kindly shed light on it. Thank you.
poor chicken
hi guys my car recently hit the 100k mark and i am wondering where did you got your car mantained? is it cheap? and is the service good? how much did it cost u and where is the garage you went and what is the name. thanks and please share your thoughts.. :D
Is there any charity or foundation here that maybe can help to a cancer patient? or Let's just say I am a son of a cancer victim; who doesn't know what to do If I'm going home in PI to be with and to take care of my mom or still stay here in Doha because I am the bread winner in the family and need to work so that I can send them their allowance??? anyone can help me?any good Samaritan??
Hello QL; Is KIA a good car. How about it parts; is it available anywhere. Is it expensive how about the maintenance of this car. Is worth it to buy this type of brand. Im thinking of buying a RIO. please help need advice
Hi QL! could anyone here suggest where to find a sites where schedule of different seminars are posted..? and where to enroll an acadmey that offers a voccational or taining courses good for months and on night shift classes..and of course w/ cheap tuition fee.! hehehe thanks guys!
i came as a business visa shall i need exit permit
Ok so i had a craving for dim sims... was googling it and came across the whole dumplings...etc... then i went on to thinking about YUM CHA! Does anyone know if they have any place that do yum cha at all???
when am trying to open the yahoo messenger in the iphone it shows only the keypad and black screen even when i tried to open my yahoo id in computer it says ure id has been blocked so i used my secret question to open it .after i checked again the messenger on the phone but same prblm black screen and keypad only.. any idea wht shall i do? thanks in advance.
hi i have a few questions; we have a company already set up outside qatar and we want to open up a regional office in Doha; whats the proceduers for such thing? Do we have to set up the company fully again in Qatar? Do we need a local partner? etc Thanks AJ
Please solve this Puzzle; and please comment Its not difficult but u have to think very deep. Thanks.
friends !
Medical test is required for infant to extend the visit visa ? People says like medical test is not required; but you need to pay the 100 QAR in the medical commision for formalities; is that true ? Why we need to pay 100 QAR for no medical test for infant ? My kid is just 6 months old. Let me know your valuable suggestion.
hello has anyone ever woked or lived in Oman? My friend was offered a job there in finance and knows what life is like; weather socialzing
where can I find good; comfortable men shoes in Doha ? not interested in made in India products
Hi everyone; My husband has recently moved to doha. I am planning to go to doha as soon as possible. Is it possible to go on a visit visa now and then convert it into a family visa? If so please tell me the what is the procedure for the same and the cost for applying for visit visa and converting it into family visa. Also please let me know if there is any website which provides these details. Thanks.
does anyone has an idea where to buy blood pressure digital monitor? pls recommend if u know.
Is it possible to transfer Qatari visa to another sponcor after the expiry? I know that it is leagal to stay in the country for 90 days after the expiry of visa; but will I have problems transferring visa to another sponcor after it expires?
I've got a job opportunity in Doha with a basic salary of 13500 Rials (with good furnished accomodation; medical care; education allowance in public schools; yearly flight tickets allowance for the family (equal to one salary); car loan free from interest); what do you think about this offer? Is it a good opportunity for a couple with a child of 7 years old? thanks in advance.
I have a whole load of novels that i would like to give away or donate asap. i am moving to a smaller house so i dont have any space basically. if anyone knows where i can donate them to; comment here or gimme a call on 77670332. thank you =]
working visa? what is the procedure and how long does it takes?
I am looking for a place I can go with my family (3 yrs old kid); beginning of July. No beach. No shopping. No big cities. No nightlife. N eed beautiful scenery (greenery; mountains; countryside ...); nice food; nice walks; nice weather some art and culture; and ideally kids entertainment. Any advice?
hi all : I am new in doha. and I have a question. I have car in my home country Syria . can I bring it to doha are this all allowed in doha; and If I want to bring it any one know a shipping company can ship my car door to door and If I bring it who many month can I stay in qatar I am on working visa and I don't want to bay 2000 Ryal at less to rent a car ; thank you all
Hi Guys; i touched my car at my gate while i was trying to get my car into our villa. though the damage is not too much; there are a couple of scratches. i would like to get it repaired immediately though. can someone help me on this please. 1) do i need to get a police letter (report) to go to the garage ??? 2) anyone knows any garage where this can be done quickly? or do you think going to the showroom is the best ??? thanks for ur answers.
Desert trek from sealine to inland sea and back. anyone interested?
hey every one; I am looking for a flute or violin lesson?
DO we have holiday on Islamic new year in Qatar?
Asalamalekum; Dear Freinds. Iam very much interested to learn Quranic Arabic; is anyone knows aby any classes being conducted in Doha. Please let me know...
Hi; What is the standard fees / commission charged by real estates to find you a property? Whats the best and cheapest way to find an accommodation? Thanks
I want to buy 4x4 what is the cheapest these days? Any recommendation?
Anyone interested? I'd love to see all you guys(and girls) before I head back to the Texas for 3 months! If you can make it...Orions in the new Ramada; 8 pm..Hope to see you there! jauntie; ram; and gypsy...you owe me since y'all are on vacation!!
friends; my kid studies in primary class and he is very weak in english. ofcourse we r asian exparitiates. anywhre in doha i can send him for basic english course??? he is in 3rd standard only.. pls help us... thanking you chris.
My boyfriend didn't call me on my birthday! He called me on his birthday... How would you comment this?
where is the qtel tower at abu hamour? (I know this is a question; but it wont let me post any questions when i click 'ask a question')
Good morning QLers... I am 6 months pregnant and im gonna give birth soon. My husband and i still cant decide what name will we give our angel; we had so many names in mind but whenever we try to put a name we end up fighting.... i need some of your suggestions....regarding the best name i can give my baby..thank you in advance. Happy holidays too.... best regards; abbie
Does the company can STOP you from transferring to your husband sponsor? If The company doesn't AGREE and they cancel your visa; Can somebody return back to doha using the husband sponsorship?
Hi every one my i phone 4 popped out of my shirt and fell in the sink of water it was working thought . Just to make sure no further damage; i turned it off It is still under warranty though . Please any sugesstions regarding replacement or repair
Our company will establish a contracting business in Doha. Any idea how much is the range cost of food catering in Doha per head per day forIndian food and Chinese food? That will also include delivery to jobsite and accomodation within industrial area.
Does anyone know the opening hours for Virgin Megastore during Ramadan? Also - does anyone know if cafe Paul bakery is open for takeaway during the daytime? Can't live without my Saturday afternoon tarte citron treat :)
Hey all; Anyone know where there are any good Arabic classes? Heard the Fanaar ones aren't too good as they are normally packed with people. Thank you
Should I be able to find these in Carrefour? If not any suggestions? Thanks; Expat Sueo
Should traffic violations be settled before travelling on vacation?
Hi; Any one can tell me that; Is there any recent announcement says that the minimum salary Qr. 7000/- from Qr. 10;000/- for sponsor their family in Qatar.
Can any one explain that which one is better to subscribe out of the three services to watch indian satellite channels specially Hindi channels? cost wise and service wise also?
I may be wrong; but of all the religions or lack of; why is Islam the most discussed religion on QL; and others are meerly referred to in comparrison during debates? If so; why is it that Islam is the most argued religon here?
Hello; I am here on a Family Visit Visa that will expire in Feb 2012. can I apply for a Driving liscense. I know how to drive but I don't have any driving liscense. Also tell me whether I need to goto driving school before appearing for driving test?
:0)
i have an exit visa due to expire -if i cant travel is there a penalty?
Hi there; I would like know for Senior Supervisor position on my VISA - can i get a visa on arrival at Dubai airport for my self and family. thanks!
how much would a family of 4 people spend in Qatar just for food; clothes and entertainment ?? Thanks
hiiiii all Im new here in this forum Im living in qatar long time ago ...I studied in dha and now Im working ... so am I welcome here??
Who changes the Country? The Government in Power or You as a person? With so much happening around us in the Middle East....The revolution and all... What are your thoughts?...
im a new employee. i worked only for 15 days . no contract yet. is resignation required? can i get my 15 days salary? tnx.
It is probably just wishful thinking; but with the news that Qatar Airways has taken delivery of their first Boeing 787; will the ticket prices be reduced to reflect the fact that it's more economical to operate?
What is the recession effect in qatar comapred to rest of the world
Hello everyone ! I just signed up on QL; and hope to be actively participating in as many discussions as possible. I hope I posted this in the right place if not then oops. So I just wanted to introduce myself to you all and hope that nobody will be offended by my posts as I intend on being quite forthcoming but unbiased. Cheers to you all :)
I hav been offered a job as Design Engineer in Doha;Quatar.Salary is 3250 QAR.Is this salary enough to live in Doha;Quatar.Accomadation is free(Sharing basis).Transport is free.Please answer my question.
from where i can down load waka waka shakira song fifa worldcup.
hi everyone! im _alma_ ; I just joined the QL. hope i am welcome here. thanks in advance.
I am currently living in UAE; seeking to obtain a visit visa for Qatar. Please advise.
I went Foreign Ministry today for an attestation of a character certificate which is issued from Bangladesh Embassy. They said they do not attest that kind of certificate anymore and I have to bring police certificate from Bangladesh attested by Foreign Ministry there. Is the rule has been changed or they just dont like my face :)
Hi guys and girls; I have moved into Qatar quite recently. i have a 4 year old daughter who is into swimming. Can any of yoiiu kindly recommend a swim school with a good instructor who speaks english? Ive come across similar threads here; but then they seem atleast 5 years old. So here goes.. Thanks guys!!
Dear All; I am seeking venue suggestions for birthday party of my child who would turn 5 soon. Thanks in advance!
We are moving from the Uk and have promised the kids a new wii when we move; are we best off buying it and the games in the UK or can we get it all easily in Doha? Thanks for your answers.
Hiii frnds; I want to send some money to US;How to send and what will be the service charge? I want to send more than $1000
Can any one help me to get a car loan ? i went to QNB they told me that they need 10000 riyals salary transfer to issue the car loan ? but for me my salary is below 10 if there is any private agency can give the car loan?? if they give what is the procedure.
what is the solution to reduce the Blood Pressure...(without medicine...!!!)plz...
i found in qatar many places on road side plantation is there; it seems good;in small size plant having lots of flowers;i wish to get that plant seed ;where it is available .it is possible to buy here.
Hi there; does anyone know of a health or fitness store in Doha where you can buy protein shakes and other dietary supplements? I live in West Bay so a store near there would be useful.
Salam; I'm wondering does anyone know of contact details (email and phone) of La Villa Hotel? I'm coming to Doha and would like to stay there for few days. Thank you so much in advance!
If i will not be able to transfer my wife's work visa to my sponsorship can she exit qatar and entry again by family visit visa. . im planning to apply for family visit visa afer she exit . . can anybody help me. .
wondering what are the latest items that are wroth brining on my way back. Not really the iphone/Ipad i think as they are now avilable ecnomically back in Doha?
I need to change my cars tires. Can you guys recommend me a good trustable shop / dealer; please? thanks. p.s. They don't have here 'Canadian Tire'; do they? :)
My Family going to visit in April-May to Qatar. So can i get accommodation for 2 months?
Can I resign and change jobs within Qatar while on business visa without worrying about NOC or any working ban? Any advice would be appreciated...
Where is Katara open air theatre ?? can anyone tell how exactly i needu go .. or let me know which is the closest place to this as a landmark.. Thanks
i need to know; how much it costs to be a member of al dana club.
To all my fellow Filipinos please advice. . I just asked my wife; she said it will take time for us to get a NSO authenticated marriage certificate; we only have the original marriage certificate from our Local civil registrar. . . can we used this to get a visit visa for her? What are our options?
I understand that as of this year (April) women are able to sponsor their families. Has anyone been through this process (either as the woman or as the husband under wife's sponsorship)? Also where can I find mention of this legislation? A link would be most appreciated. Thanks All.
Hi does nayone know if you can have pets at BHT I am thinking of a small dog for a short period of time while we are waiting for our furniture to arrive. THanks
Dear All; I want to apply at royal plaza in any shop there. Just wondering where should i need to pass my resume?
I am seeking an advice to those who have a wide experience on how I can settle my unpaid credit card since I had repatriated from the UAE. Please; this is a serious matter and tells me the most accurate action to do. Am afraid that in a sudden unavoidable occasion if I will be re-entering on that country; the interest is continuously rising. I have the will to pay but I don't know the procedure. Can anybody tell good advice???
I'd like to bring my large professional video camera (Canon XLH1) into Doha. Is there a procedure that I need to follow? Or an organisation that I can contact to find this kind of information out from? Many thanks.
Hi I have 5 PDF files; I wanted to join this all in one pdf file; is there any way to do that. (Instead of taking print out of all the files and scanning is not preferebale; ) any other ways pls.
I am thinking of taking senior work position in Qatar. I am UK citizen and take seroxat (paroxetine) as prescription medicine. Am I allowed to bring this into Qatar? I am not sure how this medicine is viewed within Qatar as a country.Any advice please? thanks
After 9 months of staying and working in Qatar.; I have decided to resign from my work due to some problems with employer... And they will give an NOC. Is it possible for me to transfer my SPonsor to another company?; or to my husband? before my visa will expire?..Please anyone can help?
Whilst waiting for my flight to Dubai to take off;the pilot started to speak in arabic. He said "Allah ackbar" (god is great) and then carried on speaking.This speech WASNT translated into English so I have no idea what he said. Does anybody know what he said please ?
we just moved in madina khalifa; we ask our previous health center to change our health card to madina khlafia centre; but they said that madian khalifa health centre only for qataris; any idea about that?
Could anybody telme; what is the time frame that I can extent my family (wife and child) medical? They are here for last 10days Thanks
Hello to all friendly friends here in QLers. I just wanna ask those who dont have any signal for raoming sim (Globe). I encountered this porblem for more than a week. Any help on how to activate my roaming... Thanx a lot!!
Can any one give the details and defference of ipad and Samsung or any other brands of Tab is more users freindly and good for transfer file movies etc.
if there is anyone who has an FJ used for sale let me know please
Where can I purchase these items? I tried the Salam store near City Center; I think I saw some alienbees but theyre expensice; any other shops where they sell these items?
if u found out that ur husband is having an affair; will u still consider him as a faithful husband?
Help!!! My friend came to Qatar last 29 August using a tourist visa. He is on his way to change his tourist visa to rp but he is quite concerned that his rp may not come out before the Eid holidays. They were telling that theres no work for immigration for 10 days due to Eid holidays that might start next Friday or Saturday. How long will he be able to stay in Qatar? Is there a way to extend his tourist visa?
I am from India; Chennai. I have got one employment opportunity in Doha; Qatar. Wish to know; about the cost of living in Qatar. What would be rent to live with my wife and my small kid? How much I need to live in Doha; Qatar; per month? I wish to have the details before landing to Qatar. Thanks in advance for your replies. Sudarsan
Just checked the gulf times webpage today and I noticed that classifieds are not there anymore. The whole page looks different. Can anyone able to see it?
where can i get a stand by battery for HTC mobile
Guys! Have you heard of a company name Asteco? I need information.
My kids (2 yrs and 9 yrs) loves to drink Gatorade; i know gatorade is an energy drink (for rehydration) mostly for athletes... Its is safe for their age.??
So we went out partying last night and now Im sitting in front of my pc with a horrifying hangover and still feeling buzzed. Had to wrestle myself out of bed or work this morning. How to stay sober whilst drinking? hmmmm Also I heard that you could reduce the effects of a hangover by swallowing a tablespoon of olive oil the following day.
What do you expect when you join a gym. What r the facilities u look forward too
Pioneer showroom is shifted from akai roundabout to mushreib street. Anybody knows where exactly is the pioneer showroom now? any nearby landmarks?
A Close friend of mine / office collegue asking to sign up as a guarantator towards his loan. He assures a cheque as a guarantee for me to be on the safe side. What you guys suggest me on this? Is it advisable to do. Plz. genuine replies only. I'm Confused and need to make a firm decision now. FYI. I already owe a loan with the same bank where he's acquiring a loan.
Many people say that Qatar is better than Dubai and other might say Dubai is better. I don't really know which is right! If you have any idea please share it. Thanks
Only been in Qatar a few days; but does anyone know where I might be able to go socialize and watch the 6 Nations Rugby matches.
Hi po; Ask ko lang po sana if anyone of you who knows where to buy preggie pops (flavoured lollipops for pregnant women)here in doha. maraming salamat po in advance.
Hello everybody.. Can anyone guide me how to go to SAFLIYA ISLAND during the weekend ?? I've heard that the Deplomatic Club can take u there .. any comment ?? and thanx in advance..
at which salon does it cost less to get your makeup done?
We are thinking of moving to Al Bayyan compound. Anyone know how is the management and the facilities are they well maintained ?
I want to buy a car that I can pay as installments to a person or company;help me? I wont get approval from the bank as my company is not there in the bank's approved list.
Is it true that there is a 2 years banned if you dont have NOC from your previous employer and you are planning to work again in another company here in Doha.
Hi All!!! Can anybody please suggest what to do on the coming 5 days holiday aside from laundry and roaming at the malls or walking in Corniche? Any special event or something to look forward to aside from the Soccer match???? I am really home sick missing my family way back home. and spending the holidays at home simply sitting will make things worse. I will deeply appreciate your suggestions. Thanks!
my daugther is under my sponsorhip which is under my company. now that my job will be finish soon; i want to transfer it to my wife's sponsorship. Can someone help me how and what are the requirements?
I am coming to Doha soon. Can anybody tell me whether any customs duty is required to pay for bringing new laptop to qatar.Shall I carry original receipt with me. Please advice me.
Can anyone help with contact numbers for Part-Time maid agencies.
can anyone tell me how to copy a database created in oracle SQL into a cd?. please reply soon really urgent..
What hair color do you prefer ?? and what is the color of ur hair right now ? how many times did you change ur hair color and what is ur original hair color ?? i mentioned "hair color" million times in my question :P you can also talk about your hair cut :P
Hi all; Can someone tell me the exact location of Dr. Kudsiya Begum's clinic. I'm planning to visit her in the evening for my first checkup. Please help me with the location so I can reach ontime. Cos I got the messege that she is very bussy. Thank you.
hey guys; is ikea ever going to open here ?
Hi; I want to Extend my wifes Visit visa to 6 months; i was told to do her medical. Can anyone advice me which are the authorised hospitals / medical centers that i can go to. I stay in Dafna is there something closeby.
can u plz help me
OKay mods; where is that forum and why did you remove it?
Guys; I have just recently moved to Doha a week ago. My apartment hunt has led me to get an apartment in Bin Mahmoud area near La Cigale hotel behind George Hotel. Building name La Villa 1207 - can some one please let me know how is this area/building to stay and is it suitable for families?
Hello; We are considering moving to Doha; and I'm really concened about school for my children. They were born and raised in Canada; so an international school is our only option. But the price range seem to vary a lot between schools! Any advice? Thanks!
I have a problem with my hip; severe osteo arthritis for which my doctor back home suggested surgery. Can i have a feedback on the best Orthopaedic surgeon to have my surgery done in Qatar. Has anyone done such operation before here ?
BigMac became SmallMac. WTF! LOL :D I can finish this in 2 munch. Before it was really big; as far as i remember it. Maybe it's big back in my country. But the Large Soda and Large Fries here are way bigger than the serving in my country.
Should I buy an IPhone here in the US and bring it to Doha (have it unlocked there) OR should I wait until I move to Doha in August? Will Vodaphone be up and running then? Any advice is helpful! Thanks!
I am an avid fan of this station but when I am trying to send my request song my mobile always saying ``message not sent this time`` I think I send it to the correct number thanks.
14000 QAR + Transport + Housing + Medical + Travel benefits is enough ? to survive and save money with living in normal lifestyle for a couple and kid(just one yr old0
Has anyone been to that restraunt on the pearl owned by chef ramsey ?
hi everyone; does anyone of you know any social websites of Saudi Arabia which are like this Qatarliving where we can interact with the people about living in Saudi and job opportunities?? many thanks
I Have a CBQ Account ATM Card I will be going on vacation to Philippines can I withdraw money using my CBQ Card to Philippines ATM Machine if possible is there any particular ATM booth or Location where I can make withdraw transaction using CBQ Account.
I have seen dolphins in Mesaeed on friday morning.. I saw more than 10 dolpins... Is this normal? Just wanted to share what i saw... and i couldnt get a better shot.. :(
I am a Shawarmaholic could anyone guide me the restaurant that serves the best Shawarmas in town. I have tried Petras....just delicious but i was told its not the traditional Shawarma? any comments
Any one knows about the new salary structure in the Govt for hte expatriate employees effective from April 2010? Please reply.
Does anyone knoes what is going on on the freeway constraction of the fly over on Al Rayan Road?. I have not seen anybody working for quit some time. Everyting is just stop.
My previous company gave me release in May 2011. But they did not gave me final settlement and salary from Sept 2010 (8 months). I have a written contract with the company. They are putting the reason that I was terminated Aug 2010. But I never signed any termination letter of final settlement document. Can I go for the claim in Labour? Please help me with ur view.
I need to make some color copies in both A3 and A4 size. I don't have a color printer at home; so I'll need to print them out and then make copies. Does Al Rawaq (Burger King roundabout) have a computer so that I can do this? If not; do you have any ideas on where to do this? The internet cafes are hit-or-miss; and charge 8QR per printout. Thanks; Expat Sueo
I'm getting tired of spending truck loads on taxis. Is there any way I could get a temporary license (or any other license) in Qatar.
can anyone tell me abt recruitment procedure in qatar airways......
Christmas is coming soon and i can't wait !!! Smile :) I think All i want for Christmas is you is the best Xmas song ever. Which Christmas song do you thing is the best ?
how many times can apoerson change their sponsorship in qatar
India V/s Bahrain Football Match on 14 Jan 2010 - Sold out? - WTF
Is current or savings account good for salary transfer? My friend got a job in a company and they told him to open an account for salary transfer. But he has already got a Savings account in Doha Bank. Can he also open a current account in Doha Bank. Is it possible to open 2 accounts in Doha bank with 1 Atm card. bcoz this is possible in QNB bank(2 accounts but 1 atm card).
Hi there. My baby is 7 months old. Recently i was looking for freeze-dried meat or meat for babies (the one in small container - homogenized) to be mixed with vegeterian soup but apparently here in Doha they don't sell this kind of product. What do you do then?
i would like to know if somebody may help me where can i buy this Patchie chocolate? Thanks.
That Obama is in town. Anybody else hear that? Someone I know says her son is singing in choir that he will be attending at Katara. Nothing has been in the news; unless I'm living under a rock...
Hi; Could anyone kindly guide me to the movie theatres in Doha showing South Indian and or Bollywood movies please? Any suggestion where to watch the latest movies ? Thanks Venky
My son currently on visit visa for 6 months under my sponsorship.Should it be possible to change it to family visa.I need help from anyone who knows the processing. Thanks....
Hello everyone; Could anyone help me with the following: 1-Is band 6 grade in HSBC bank good for a someone with a bachelor degree and 4-5 years experience? 2-What is the salary range you can expect: Max and min 3- do their employees get promoted based on performance or based on vacant posts inside the bank. Thanks
Which car is better manual or automatic?
Been hearing this and there! does it really makes your skin tone white? if so; where can i buy it? is it available here in doha?
what is the best way to waste time..
I am having a problem with Tally software. It's giving the following prompt at a specific function: "Internal Error. Contact Tally Solutions" Software exception c0000005 (Memory Access Violation) It now allows data entry but 'am worried if it could something fatal ? I am not a technical or s/w expert either. Pls give your suggestions and remedy... Thanks.
What is the recent price trend of new cars in qatar. Any impact of Auto crisis in GM Chrysler ford etc here? Thanks
Thanks for any tips; otherwise if you know when they open that would be grand
My sponsor is the company I am presently working. But due to our project situation(finished project); the company no longer renew my visa. Can I request the company to process the renewal and at the same time transfer in my name telling them I will be responsible for any expenditures incurred? please give me some insight. your information are very much appreciated.
Dear Friends; I bought Iphone from states; It's 3GS 32 GB. version is 3.1. I want to unlock it as soon as possible. I am going on leave tomorrow. Please help me friends where i can go and unlocked it any shop or contact details. Thanks for your help and support. Regards Farhan Qatar Airways
Do anybody know how to unsubscribe mozook services to the mobile phone? It deducts 3 riyals for each receiving texts. I tried to text 'stop' to 92975 as their website say; but the message is not going. Can we unsubscribe this service thru internet? Please help
Folks; let's share in this topic the info on all sales in different shops that you know off...Anyone knows if there is a sale in Debenhams in City Centre? Haven't been there for ages now...
In the US you can get them at banks and almost any store or Western Union. Where can I get one here in Qatar? I do not want to transfer money but I need to send a check and a personal check won't work.
Hi I'm Egyptian live in Qatar i'm planning to spend Eid vacation in Turkey do i need to get a visa for Turkey from here or i can get it in the Airport? Is there any promotions for Tickets and Hotels? i will stay for 5 days only anybody can help me in this ? thanks Ahmed
I want to apply for health insurance for my wife. Is there any suggestion for a good health insurer that would include maternity benefits as well in Qatar?
I got few for my daughter as a diwali gift..She loved them.....
Anybody knows where can i convert a VCR to DVD
i have a laptop its core2duo;2.4 ghz and some good nvidea card in it and it is lg.is there any way i can make it more powerful;i dnt care if it cost like 3000qr.. dnt say buy another one cause i cant.....
Hi friends. I am looking for a good mobile phone.Now i have been using Sony Ericsson K750i.Now i want to change my mobile. plz tell me which is the good one in market?Price isn't a problem.I need a good one.
Hi everbody I have a job offer from qatar to work as a junior electrical engineer (entry level no experience) the company offers $45000 USD a year on top of that they give car;accomoadation and all bills included;plus free food. I was wondering you if can tell me if this salary is good to start my career with. will i save there or the cost of living is expensive? thank you
Dear All Which is the best way to send money from doha to home country ? Regards Naeem Khan
Hi guys; i found a Mc-donald text embed inside of the pull-out clip on the coca cola....what is that...Have i won anything? If so how to claim? please don't laugh....i couldn't read Arabic that's why I'm asking here....
my brain gets uncomfortable when i'm not sure of certain words.. never heard it before tonight so what about maleficent? anyone else got other unsure pronunciations?
I heard some companies in Qatar are observing a holiday on thursday; 8th July 2010. However my wife who is working in HMC does not have a holiday; may be coz she is a nursing supervisor. Is anybody aware about this; coz I want to get myself my medical test done on this day. Please advise; as I dont want to waste a day's leave. Would appreciate if anybody can update me.
I'm moving to Doha in next month or so with work. I wanna buy a few things for while I'm there; like new laptop; Blackberry phone; digital camera and some good clothes. Is it cheaper to buy these sorta things in Qatar than in UK?
Hi guys...good day to you all. Guys..can any one suggest me car companies offering RENT A CAR for CHEAP RATES?? cars such as Nissan TIIDA etc...my budget is only 1600-1800/month max. Hoping your kind suggestions. Thanks to all
Is there any big discount from any store for the national day celebrations???
Dears; Anyone have an idea where to find a good scissor for hair and beard trimming please???
im about to propose and badly needs to find the best for her but at an affordable price. any help please..
Dear All; Kindly advise from where i can Buy Nokia N82 as somebody told that is out of stok; I already check with Consolidated Group qatar but..the same answer "Out of stock" So please advise Thanx in advance
Who is best indian female Doctor here? Dr. Shalini; Dr. Qudsiya or anyone else? Please suggest me as per your experience. Thanks in advance
Can anybody give me their opinions on Facebook. I was thinking about setting up an account; but it won't let you check out profiles unless you sign up; unlike Myspace which lets you look around before you sign up. Is Facebook better than MySpace or the other way around?
Hi everyone. I have been in Doha for 5 months; but had to go home. Now I am wanting to come back; but I would like to bring my dog with me. It is a Great Dane.. am I even allowed to bring him?
In which area can i find the motorbike showrooms like for instance for Honda; Kawasaki or any other Brand which is not too expensive?
Have any one installed Big TV in Qatar? How it is working
I drove by Cultural Village in West Bay this week and the guard said it would open maybe next month. I thought it was open. Anyone have any info? Or is there a contact number floating around there somewhere?
Can any one suggest me which bank will be the best benefits offering to start a salary account....
What is shelf life of car's tires and how can I know while buying new one.
Good morning; just want to ask ; can now the jordanian peapol who live in Qatar change there sponsership without any problems. i need the answer so badly
....i Heard that ..it is really crowded in the ministry of foreign affairs to attest the certificates....do we need to be there at 5 am morning to get the tickets...?.......again the office is in najma rite beside audi showroom .....
Hi; Just tried to find some info re treatments currently available in Qatar to reduce or 'get rid' of under eye wrinkles. From research; there is not a lot out there??? Would be grateful if people could share here what treatment they had; how much; where from and was it any good? Many thanks
Are there any goverment income taxes in Qatar??
Hi all. i have got an offer from a company in Qatar and they are giving me 4500 QR plus accomodation and Car. i have 4 years of exp. so please suggest me what to do. i am an indian. Regards Lokesh
Does anyone know what time the competition starts today? Thanks
Can any one please give me the details of the goverment department for complaining the high food price of some food items in a Hotel compared to other hotels for the same item.It is found to be very heigh than the reasonable price of the item.
I will be moving to Qatar soon from Unted States and would like to see what is the best way of shipping my belongings there. Thanks
Hello there. Are small dogs allowed on Parks in Doha?
Hi all; I would to ask if i can get my end of service gratuity even though i did not finish my contract for 2 years. I worked for 21 months to be exact. I was urged to resign for personal reason. Can anyone help me on this? Thanks in advance.
Sorry if this has been covered before but... I understand that it is on ART here. Does anyone know a restaurant or other place that might have this? Thanks a lot for any help! Adam
I bought a mobile phone from Cellucom;which is HTC Windows; now its not getting charged; and cellucom has shutdown ; does any one know the new location or any other shop for repair ?
I want to take some friends that are visiting to the old souq. Any particular time of day that is best? We just want to browse and maybe get a meal. Thanks :)
Hello everybody; i'm a guitarist seeking to form a band that plays some rock/classic rock (from pink floyd; dire straits to radiohead and audioslave) . Thanks.
My husband was involved in body building in South Africa; he wants to go to a serious body building gym in doha.
I've always wanted to volunteer for Red Crescent. Do they even allow other nationalities to join their team? or is it only exclusive for locals or western people? Any idea on how to be part of Red Crescent?
Kindly let me know that place plzzzzzzzzzz Thanks in Advance
Does anybody know where can I find a fairy tale costume for girls ?
Hi; Does anyone of you guys know where to buy Tapioca / Sago Pearls? I found some in Carrefour but they are too small and I'm looking for bigger ones. Thank you.
is it a good option for someone expereinced in BPO to look out for a job in Doha?
Ok; time to start a fan club... FS's idea... and i actually made a thread... so; count yourself in... :D
Hi Kindly let me know about Best Gynecologist In Doha(prefer from Bangalore) Thank you
I want to take family visa. I want to know about the attestation metod from Indian foregin ministary from Mumbai. If any body can help me. Thanks in advance for your information.
Please help me with the location of Al-Gharafa primary health center as I need to take health card for my Baby's vaccination.
Hi;guys i just bought wireless router for ADSL connection.how can i configure and install password?I did not yet try please advise.
Assalamu 3laikum; Can a Muslim who is a US Citizen marry a Qatari woman? Is it illegal by law; or not? What has to be done for the marriage to take place?
I have a Pilipino housemaid which want to go back to her country due to family problem; can I get visa for a new housemaid and bring it without sending the first one; can she leave the country after the new one came? Please help me in this subject
Need more than 10 Electricians for a project. If anybody has that quantity or if anybody knows any good company who could assist me in arranging the electricians please let me know. contact three three four one three nine five four
want to buy supplement from US but need to know if any restriction by gov. / health ministry. tq
i chk with qtel directory they give me the telephone number and try to contact but they ask for smart number...can u pls help me to reach the sharia court by phone...thank you
Hi; all; I am travelling to Jordan soon; need some advice here. What is best transportation mode to travel within Jordan; beside taxi. Is the bus services convenient and friendly? thanks.
Is ther a place where all sports bike enthusiasts meet? I've got a triumph daytona 675 and it gets lonely to drive one with all the cars around :P. thanx; Jz.
In his post match interview; Pakistan captain Shoeb Malik apologised to all the Muslims for pakistan not winning the T20 world cup.. What does he mean...? Muslims from India support India and I am sure it is likewise in all other countries. Mr. Malik has taken for granted that Pakistan plays on behalf of all the muslims? ...Regrettable...
Does anyone know which are the best companies for website design and hosting here? We have to upgrade our company website. Thank you
I have a US passport and was told that I should request visit visa when arriving at the airport. That makes me nervous because if they reject visa then I'll be stranded. Have they rejected US citizens before? And for what reasons? Thanks
Hi I want to know any one working in QDC; i want to join QDC as an architect; i have 7+years of experience; i heard that its indian company. please let me know how can i take job in this company and what will be the salary structure in QDC and what are the benefits they gave? please send me the details thanks
Is Cipralex a controlled drug in Qatar? Can this be brought from outside the country? Will there be checking for this at the Doha Airport when you arrive from outside?
Hi Does any one knows where is the SEAT car maintenance place in Doha? Thanks!
Dear All; I like to ask you a genuine Query 1)I know ;Ladies can work in Qatar with Husband Visa. Whether Gents can work with Wife Visa? Thanks for comments in advance
As above I have a decent road / touring bike; I have read some of the threads regarding cycling. Does anyone know how much Airlines charge to bring a 'boxed' bycycle;many thanks
hello everybody; am looking for an appartement (1 or 2 bedrooms) to rent a little bit near form Landmark (10 to 15 min drive) ; would u pllz just tell me the names of areas i may look in ?! thanks u in advance
Ive been looking to sign up for a gym after ramadan. and i was wondering if anyone here knew how much they charged at aspire gym (women's section ).
There are hundreds of car detailing shops in Doha but all of them simply wash the car and clean it a bit on the inside for QR15-25. I would like to know where I can get my car cleaned PROPERLY. Engine cleaned manually (not by powerhose); seats removed and shampooed; carpet detailed so that all the dog hair disappear once and for all.
How many type of love exist in this planet and which is the best form?
Hey; I might be moving to Qatar soon so I really really want to know if tehre are any KTVs or karaokes in doha. Like; i don't mean karaoke night at bars; I mean an honest karaoke where people pay money to go into rooms with the ktv machines with mics and sing. I heard that there's one in a chinese restaurant at souq but that's it?
I see the remnants of the Ottoman Empire in some of the remaining forts; but what about the British Empire? Any sites or influence on Qatar and Qatari culture today that you see?
HI I need to send cargo to Dubai and to South Africa; however i am struggling to find good cheap cargo companies in Qatar; can anyone please advice me as who to use and the price... thanks
Dear All; Please let me know what are the ways to view Indian channels. I have heard Qtel has Mosaic option which costs around 400 QR which provides all the Indian channels. Also; I came to know that some Indian DTH works in Qatar also. Please advice which are the Indian DTH services are available in Qatar.
I would like to buy a laptop for my personal use. Any suggestions which brand of laptop is good. I need a good quality and good brand? Dell;Toshiba; HP?????
any body give me timing and information about the swimming pool in aspire zone....
I have recently moved to Doha and I would like to know if there is any Salafi Group here involved in Daawa activities especially Urdu or English speaking. Thanx and best regards;
I've been told my accommodation is going to be in this area. What's it like?
Does anyone have contact information for the Golden Hawk Freemason Lodge in Doha?
Only English in the main forum; please!
Is it Good Business to Take some building From Qatari and Sub Rent It Further ... Plz Advise
plz can somebody tell me a daycare in alhilal area near cambridge school its urgent i dont find any on the links on ql
hi all does anyone know when the Qatar Distribution Company opens again?? Is it next thursday or friday?
do u think it is a good idea to start a boutique here in doha which aims on indians' ; pakistanis' and arabs' .. i really want to start something of my own as i am a fashion designer.
Gentleman and Ladies ..(LOL)..Ladies and Gentleman. I find very unusual having traffic lights at the round abouts; its very difficult sometimes when you already took the round and suddenly the next light is red while you are planing to go straght. now they are going to be traffic lights in all round about in doha. what is ur opinion?
How do you break out of your routine? I try to do new stuff and go new see new places. In general i try to be open minded about most things. How do you guys to it? If :-)
Can you please share me some information about dependents. Is it restricted for wife and children only? Can we put our parents as dependents? Your comments are valued. Thanks
can anybody suggest a contact/company for making a Website for a small company? thanks; Ghassan KARAM 55578696
Can some one advise which is the best and economic route? Appreciate your response.
hi qler; can any one pls tell me if i need an exit visa ; if under hubbi's sponsorship and traveling with out hubbi? i need to make sure ! dont want to have issue when at airport. thanks
What would be the average income of an insurance consultant who is purely on a commission basis; say if he is doing both Life and General Insurance? I am being considered by a company for this post. Any body from this field or having some idea regarding this; please reply. I am currently in India and I want to have some idea about this industry in Qatar before making a decision about relocation.
I am a document controller here in qatar i was hired through agency in the philippines; i want to resign to my current job after i finished my contract (1 year) can i transffer to another company emmiedietly?
Hello friends ;pls inform me on how to get work permit in qatar from Nigeria thanks
Did I-Phone made in China is good?(What is the difference if it is assembled in china)
Hi; Does anybody knows where to buy black out curtains ?
What are the Advantages of having a Toyota Land Cruiser in Doha?
Can anyone tell me where I can get some papers translated from English to Arabic?
Hi; Is it available to purchase Skin protector for Sony vaio ? Modeal no : VPCCW16 . Its a 14 inch one.. Pls advise me..
My son is here for xmas and needs use of a pool for a week to continue a school realted training programme; any suggestions?
We cannot reach the internet from all the rooms in our house. I am thinking to replace the Qtel provided router (Thomson) with a more powerful one. We also have Mozaic subscription. Can anyone recommend a powerful router that is easy to setup and can be found in Qatar?
Any suggestion for a good bar to watch the euro final?! i was at admirals last night and it was pretty silent! dint have the footballing atmosphere!
I need to buy some compressed air to spray my laptop and desktop and guitar. And rid them of the dust bunnies.
carrefour of city center will close for one month and pay 10000 Qr as penalty becoz they sell expired food can u beleive it???
Hello Guys; I about to finish my contract on June 30 ( 2 years contract) and not planning to extend. My Question is what letter should I give to my manager? Resignation Letter or Notice of Non Renewal of Employment? any format of letter would help.
I am interested in following an MBA programme in Qatar. Please could anyone recommend such a programme based on their personal experiences and as to how much would it cost?
Any recommendation for Travel agencies in Doha to arrange packages (e-mails)
HI Everyone!! Is it ok to get my son visa under my sponsor and his surname is different from mine? im carrying the surname of my husband while my son was my family name when i was not yet married ;by the way im female..
LoL...Sneak Peak into the World Food Programe Conference at UN xD
Hi; i have a cockatoo bird who loves MONKEY NUTS!! Have tried lots of supermarket to buy these nuts but to no avail. Does anyone know where they are readily available?? TXS
I have some clothes and other stuff which I would like to give away..Is there some collection point where I can drop them off? I saw a charity collection box for clothes just outside Wakra park; but I am not sure whether somebody actually opens and collects the stuff dropped in it.. Thanks for your help.
Good Morning friends; I decided to buy a used 4wheel drive. Do you have any experience for these vehicles.. Two option here with me. 1) Nissan Patrol 4800VTC (2004 MODEL) 2) Hummer H3 (2006 MODEL) Power; Dunes nd desert drive; maintenence; drink fuel all the way which vehicle is good ?? Feel your favour solve my TROUBLE !!! So please ....Be truely
humm.. need help. I would like to have some real sushi for dinner where would you recommend? (price is not an issue)
Which are the best Mangoes available in Doha?
Dear Sir or Madam; I whould like to apply for a job in Qatar please provide me with information what is the best and righ way to do it?(e-mail add.or some phone numbers of companys)
Where can I buy plus size maternity clothes in Doha? I am clueless... or maybe should I just order online? please help
Does anybody know a good place to study IELTS? I tried British Concil but they don't care about you. They only want your money. They are too commercial. Thanks
Hi all; does anyone have good idea about annual pay increase in Qatari Government departments; such as transport; health; etc. Is it documented on an official website somewhere? Does the percentage increase in salaries vary with job position and nationality or not? Kind Regards
Hey there; I'll be heading out to Qatar later this year. Does anyone know if my UK TV set will work in Qatar?? Not sure whether to ship or sell... Thanks; C
Is it legal in Qatar for a company to hold an employees passport? It was bought to my attention that a company was in control of employees passports. I do not know the law regarding this but it does not sound as if it is fair to me. Does anyone know if this is allowed?
hi; i am frm india and i hav been offered a job as a chemical engineer in qatar...i am offered 2000 QR and the company will provide me food n accomodation..do u think its a good package for a fresher? pls advise
I was just wondering; while I am sitting in the office and dreaming of a really good cup of ice cream; with fruits and whipping cream on top; which kind of shops are still missing in qatar?Do you have a idea?
I am having a valid Qatar driving license. My friend having two cars; he allowed me to use his car for a month. Can I drive my friends car ? What are the papers I shoud keep in case of any accident occurs driving that car ? is it a crime to drive someone else car ?
Have you seen any decent-looking passport case / cover anywhere here in Doha? Pls advise if you've seen some while shopping -- and approximate price pls. thanks!
hi folks... i had read an article about reducing the body weight. i found a Ayurvedic Medicine on that it will help us to loose our weight. we need Pure Bee honey; Lemon and light hot water. we need a glass of hot water and add two tea spoon lime juice and mix it. thn we need two tea spoon Bee honey and little peeper powder. every day morning in empty stomach we need to drink this. lets try.
Anybody know how much is the membership cost for Massa Gym? Am sort of comparing it to GOLD Gym on 'D' Ring Rd who are currently charging me Qr. 1400/- every 3 months.
I would like to sell my Honda Civic; 2002 model; 93;000 kms run; automatic; accident free; very good condition; lady driven; fully serviced and maintained by Honda! How much can I quote for my car?
It's the weekend - nearly.. So; let's have some short jokes to brighten the day.. Went to watch one of the recent Asian Cup matches last month. I asked a policeman where the ground was. He replied just follow the crowds. I ended up in Villagio!
Am living in Doha...i wish to start a bank account here..please guide me about the documents needed to start an account....
Does anyone know where QBI Consultancy is located? How about a telephone number? Thanks
is there anyone knows where i can find framing here at doha..I have to frame my cross stitch.
Hi I just got my visit visa to USA ;;;; Any one know if I can go to canada? Or I need Canadian visa?....
Resuming work tommorow after a short gap of 2 weeks. Been late up enjoying every night. But have to wake up at 6.15 tommrow. Not sleepy ; used to the routine of sleeping late. Any tips ???
Hi; My wife is under my sponsorship. I like to know if I renew her visa for two years how long she can stay out of Qatar. I heard maximum 6 months for Work Visa. How about husband sponsorship? thanks
One of my friend told me is not necessary; but i`m not sure. Pls; someone let me know. Thx
Is it legal for me and my gf to live in india with out getting married ?? Pls help thank u
Just want to say hello to all Qlers.
guys... where can I find this kokuryu super summer cake. A friend of mine was keep looking from here and there.... I hope anyone can help me. Thanks
HI! could you give me some playparks where I can bring my little boy. We had been in corniche; rumaillah and aspire. My boy really enjoy outdoor activities and I want to take advantage of the weather now. Shall appreciate your suggestions. I only know some places so it would be a great help from you if you can direct me to some other locations.
What do parents think about the new school times due to more hours of arabic/islamic lessons in British Curriculum run international schools?
Where can I convert Amex Traveler's Cheques in Doha? I have tried UAE Exchange; QNB and a few other banks but no luck.
Hi guys; I just wanted to have an idea whether these days ladies r being recruited by companies under their sponsorship....Thanks guys!!!!
Is there any travel agency here in Doha who offers cheaper tickets to Philippines via Qatar Airways?
I have been fond of drinking water which is naturally cool by earthen pots instead of using Refigurator. Wanted to know if i can buy it here.
hello; Can anyone pls give me the phone # and the address of Al Ahli Hospital. Also If you could pls recommend a ENT that works there ! Thank you you can also email on ni124@yahoo.com Thank you...
I am planning to bring my Honda Odyssey van. Does anyone know how much an Odyssey costs in Qatar ? Which the best company for transporting cars and personal belongings ?
Is gulf times the most read newspaper in Qatar by Qataris and Expats?
we signed a one-year housing rental contract.These are vague-penalties clauses listed in contract if terminating in contract duration.But now we have to terminate it in mid-way because we will no longer work in Qatar and will be cancelled residance visa by sponsor.How to do the process will be better? THANK YOU for any!
Just a form of survey a friend is planning to open a dance studio in Doha; for anyone who is interested; what particular dance style would you find appealing? Possible options are: Ballet Ballroom (Waltz; Fox Trot; Swing) Hip-Hop Break Dance Jazz If none of the above; just pls specify. Shoukran!!!
i think its a beauty product.is it genuine company?.And also heard that it helps the skin looks younger but removing the old dead cell from the face.if it is so;from where can we find it? anybody have any idea about this?
my wife residence visa will expire on 13.01.2010 but she is not in doha so can i renew the visa without her presence because she pregnant also doctor advise dont fly.so please give me an advice
Can someone provide me with the exact location of "MeenaBazar" shop? I heard it is in Bin Mahmoud but was unable to find it. It sells mostly Pakistani Cloths and accessories.
I'm looking for a nursery for my 2.5 year old with Down syndrome. Ideally I would like her to be in an integrated environment with typically developing children at least for the preschool years. Does anyone know of a nursery that would accept a child with special needs? Also; what schools accept children with special needs here in Doha? I've heard of Shafallah but thats hard to get into if youre not Qatari.
For a 4 Yr old child and on ward: 1. What is the school you recommend? 2. What is the advantage and disadvantage? 3. How much is the total yearly cost? 4. What are the main languages which are taught in the school? 5. What is your advice to overcome a problem you have faced with the school your son or daughter are studying in?
I'm sorry if this is old news or if there is some obvious post I should have read. Just curious if Ql'ers ever arrange meets/parties/barbecues/etc? Would be awesome if there was one ... next month sometime lol.
???????????????????????????????
Did anyone experience earthquake just minutes ago; we felt it here at fareej abdul aziz. about 11: 35 pm?
Looking for low mineralization water. Can you recomend any?
Good day every one; I'm looking for a shop where I can find a supplies for an adult birthday theme parties such as Accessories; Decorations; Balloons; Stickers; Personalised Banners and gifts; Papper tableware; and centerpieces in different themes to choose from. In addition; this shop has to have invitations that match with the chosen theme. Can you help me pleeeeeaaaaaasssseeeeeee
I've tried in Toys R Us and the Baby Shop. If you know of anywhere please let me know. Thanks
haiiiiii freinds; I got a visit visa for my wife and kid; but the validity of visa is one month only; how can i extent to 6 month; is it possible to extent up to six month; what is the procedure for these extention Iam awaiting for ur favourable reply thanks
I would like to bring one colour tv 40" LCD to india How much import customs duty shall i have to pay?
Friends; How to clear Qatar driving license all test's in 1st chance itself. Please give me some useful tips or tricks as my test is tomorrow morning.
Ive work permit for Qatar; my profession is mentioned as Graphic Designer. Is it possible to visit Saudi Arabia without a Saudi visit visa?
I'm from South Africa and on holiday in Doha till the 19th Oct. I would like to do some water sports(jet skiing; etc)this week ; but the tourist companies offering these facilities ask a arm and a leg. Does anyone know where i can do some water sports activities at a reasonable price and what is a reasonable price?
Hi Guys Please assist me..... Question: I am an expatriate and me is an Enginerr in Qatar goverment Shorta(Police). I am in need of loan from the Bank with no condition of Gurantor ? and how much I can Borrow? Best Regards Zawar
hello does anyone have a idea how much maersk oil pays for western senior engineer
hi Everyone; Being petrified of spiders and such like. I was wondering if you could tell me what kind of slightering slights and creepy crawlies are in Qatar. Especially Doha area! Thanks Songogga
i just heard this morning that CID is just checking on if somebody is making gathering and praying jesus; worshiping god or else.. they are also checking if any cars have any kind of stuffs related with religions.. if they found any such things they are directly deporting from the country.. is this true.. does any of you have heard about this...
I will be visiting Dubai for one week starting this Friday the problem is I recently bring housemaid (Pilipino) and still her resident permit is not issued yet can anybody tell me where I can keep her for one week till I return back from Dubai Best Regards;
can anyone advice how to apply netherlands visa from qatar; i need to go for a training there; is there any netherlands embassy here in doha; or we need to apply thru german embassy; kindly advice.....
After 2012 or 2013 we can only get car lisence in qatar if we are over 21.is this true..
Hey everyone I want to gift sony ericsson Satio this valentine to my valentine but my friends are saying it will be to expensive gift and is not a good one they say instead i should buy some nokia N series but i feel nokia is good but to common i wanna gift something different Please tell will satio be good or N series which one i should choose???????????
If ever a person gets terminated for example - Company layoffs especially in a bank; what can he/she do to work again in Qatar?
Please what kind of financial investments oppurtunities are avialable in Qatar for someone who has around 100K Qatari money? I am looking for low risk with good ROI the only thing that comes to mind is super savings or fixed deposit. any pointer or advice would be highly appreciated. thanks in advance
Why; we are wrong? September is the 9th month and we know septa is 7 October is the 10th month and we know octa is 8 November is the 11th month and we know nona is 9 December is the 12th month and we know deca is 10
Dear; I have mentioned ABu Dhabi as the destiny in the EXIT permit application but now I need to travel to Bahrain; does the immigration people in Airport do object for this. Please advice and advance thx.
My friend has a problem with leg broken. First He got the treatment in the hospital with English medicine. But that is not success. So; please let me know any hospital or individual doctor treatment without English medicine.
Hi just moved to a new area of town; and although I know loads of good indian places near me; I haven't seen any filipino places. I just want somewhere simple and cheap; but with good food. I live near the big mosque at the traffic lights on Najma street North of C ring. Thanks
I want to order over 50 T-shirts (preferably singlets) with single colour printed design on front and back.
Hi! Do i really need to have my original school diploma/certificate be red ribboned; because what i have is a Certified True copy of my transcript and schol certificate (arabic translated).. which foreign affairs rejected.. I need this for applying work permit
Money? Power? Respect? Business? Love? Fame? How much is it actually worth? I ask myself this question after hearing about all these wars going on; thinking of all the massacres and unnecessary lives which have been taken for not enough reason. What is human life worth to you? Be honest as much as you can be.
Dear All; Can anyone tell me where can I find a list of the most prominent foreign footballers playing in Qatar now?
do you know someone who is offering a short course on basics of photography?
LCD or Plasma TV? I beleive plasma is better for cable and sat tv? There is a good samsound 42inch plasma in carrefour; lulu and virigin. series 4 42A410 i think it is. Qr3979 Good buy?
Guys; The CD-ROM drive of my laptop makes a ot of sound. What should I do???
I am looking for this F.C. Barcelona logo sticker all over Doha..in the sports shops; hypermarkets but I cant find it anywhere. Does anyone know where can i find this please ? Thanks
Wow Hooooooooooooo..... What are you reading?? Go out and enjoy the weather :-D
Wondering if they have Storage Unit Facilities here in Doha similar to the States. Used to store our motorcycles inside with AC but havent seen any like that in my travels around the city. Do they exist here?
Is it green or orange? Plus tie or cravat?
Does duty free shop at the Doha airport run 24 hours? If not; does anybody know the shop timing?
Hi everyone; I recently got a job offer in the Cambridge school and I need a feedback about that college: the environment; the ambiance; how do they treat their stuff; the salaries... I really need your advices. I'll be thankful. Does anyone work there?
Hi; do we have any HOLI (Indian Festival of Colors) Celebration here in Doha? If Yes pl Gimme details.... Thanks in Advance :) Keep rockin \m/
Can anyone suggest stores in Doha who sell professional camera equipment by Canon? I'm thinking of the EOS 1D and 5D series. Is there a lot og price difference between the different stores?
My brother was working in Technip as Sr. Mechnacial Engr; after completing his contract/project he left to India 6 months ago. How can i bring him on Visit Visa or on under my sponsership. Please advise me.
I need to buy a new mobile; Price below 1750. Preference: Nokia N97 HTC Hero Please inform me;if there is another good models. from where I can buy HTC hero?. Anybody using HTC hero? please post you reviews.
Hello every body here ; Is here in Doha any diplomatic office or Consulate for Australia ? because I wanna apply for visa to go there this year ; thanks
HI.... Can anyone plz guide me.....I want Good Quality Abayas..at Reasonable Price... Thankyew
Where is the location for Canada Embassy in Qatar
anybody knows where i can buy fireworks(for new year)here in doha????thanks....
Can anyone help me to get contact number of any stores selling sticker flags or picture of Emir to be stick all over the building?
My friend's wife will receive a job offer from a government office in another 4 -5 days.Today they came to know that the lady is 1 month pregnant.Will this affect her employment offer and what about the medicals prior to joining job too.
Can anyone tell me where can i buy Tennis balls which is little heavy than the normal Tennis ball for playing cricket. Let me know the shop name pls........
I have a traffic violation and I need to travel for a business meeting. Do I need to pay it before applying for an exit permit or it is ok I will just pay it once i will renew my car registration? Thanks
i need to send my sister aperfume as agift for her birthday. i want to send it to egypt is there is away to do it here ?????
I am in the process of shifting between two apartments from two different landlords. This means I'll need to terminate the kahramaa contract for the old apartment and start a new one; is this something you can do in a single step process? If you have done this before; what is the best way of doing it?
My wife is going to deliver our first baby here in Qatar;but we dont know that what will be the formalities for baby's birth certificate;visa and passport and how long will it take to prepare these documents? please suggest and share your experiences.
Guys I had asked if someone knows the directions to this place? Saw it on ezyqatar. Please let me know; if you have any idea!
hi guys i need a help regarding sugar free ice cream. Well i already checked with Baskin Robins but they dont have sugar free. Can any one plz suggest me any shop so tht i can get sugar free ice cream but only fresh ice creams like Baskin Robins etc im not asking for super markets n all. Thanks
Hi all; I have been looking at some of the threads and noticed people have some nice pictures in their signature area. Can anybody tell me how this is done; I am pulling my hair out trying to do it. Thanks in advance to all replies.
Can anyone help me find a hotel in Doha that both genders can share a hotel room ( without a marriage certificate)?
Which is the best 4wd (2nd hand) to buy between price range 60;000-70;000qr??
My dear Indian brothers;Does anybody know the procedures to renew Indian passport in Doha Qatar as my passport validity expires in February 2013.Where to to go renew it and what are the procedures and documents required??Appreciate for your kind answers.
Do they show NBA games on tv there?
I want to learn Arabic while I have this chance of living among arabic speaking masses. Any suggestions on whats the best way to do it? Any weekend or after office hours Arabic teaching institutions?
My wife is coming to Qatar on another sponsor and we intend to be living together. What are the steps I need to take to achieve this legally? Please I need Qatalivers advice. Thanks
Will a passport photocopy be accepted in bars/clubs as id. I am 22 so am of age to drink but i just dont want to loose my passport after i have had a few drinks because i am prone to loosing stuff when im out and about.
Anyone know where i can check tyre pressure on my car and pump them up?
I have a skype account set up in the US will I be able to use it if my accommodations in Qatar provide WiFi?
My son will turn 23 years old by next month; he is currently under my sponsorship as family visit visa. Is he eligible to get residence permit or is it allowed to renew his visa before it will expire (on 6 months visit visa)? What are the procedures to obtain if applicable to any of the two type mentioned.
Is it true that most Corporations/Authorities are going to merge with the respective Ministries? If so; when they will implememnt this new structure? what would be the salary structure; allowances and benefits for expatriates currently working in Corporation/Authorities?
If anybody have idea about baby boy names muslims..please send me details or the latest good names.Or let me know the sorces..
Hi Guys! Do you know if there are any mobile shop that still sell iPhone 4 and where? Or is it phased out already? Thank you.
Anyone knows where to pay a 300 QAR fine for parking in a wrong place?
hi guys; where can i find a shop for brand new but cheapest laptop here in qatar? thanks!
Hi; i am looking for some good places where we can go for camping and swimming as well. Have been to Zekreet and it is a beautiful place. Need to go to a place where we can get more tress or shade or watever; but for Camping. Can someone suggest some places please. Cheers.
My daughter has just been on a school trip to India; got back to Doha 2 weeks ago. We have booked a family holiday in Goa; first week in April; but now someone has told me that you cannot re-enter India within a 6 month period. Is this true? I'm freaking out; as we'll have to cancel if that's the case. Obviously I'll contact the Indian embassy tomorrow; but just wondered if anyone out there knows for sure?
I was out of country and come back yesterday. I give my car to one friend but he didnt care and just park the car in one ground (bin mahmoud); when today i ask him about the car so he said that baladiya took the car; now anyone can guide me that how can i find my car? and where he take my car. any contact numbers? please help me
How many days or weeks or even months should i have to wait to apply again for visit visa together with my daughter to be able to go back to doha? Can we exit and go to nearer countries or places like dubai; stay in there in a short period of time then return to doha? Can we do that? Thank u and god bless!!!
I would like to know. How can get international license? Where is the right location in Qatar? How long it will be taking? Please let me know;
Hi All; I don't have my embassy here in Doha. I have to make a new passport (NOT RENEW) since my old passport has only 5 months to expire. I have my embassy in New Delhi; so; I am planning to go there for my new passport. In this regard; can I come back to Doha with my valid RP on canceled passport (old one)? For sure; I will be carrying my new passport together with the old one. Please help.
Dear friends; I hold a suzuki SX4; got problem with the radiator which gets leak. also the a/c fan motor is gone bad. Suggest me availability of spare parts for suzuki or any good mechanic...
Hi guys; I need a professional passport photo. Do you know where I can find in Doha for professional photoshoot (passport or resume photo)? Thanks. Best regards; HM
Guys i would like to know For a Indian with a Manager Status ;how many months of RP validity do you need for getting Visa on Arrival in Oman? When i called up Oman Air they said 3 months and Qatar Airways Said 6 months..Tried to call the Embassy...No answer...Plz help
Hi anyone experienced traveling going to sweden? where did you apply for the visa? I haven't got insurance; Is it necessary in the supporting documents?
My wife in not consuming from 8 months;can any body suggest better hospital for check up.
What is needed to marry in a mosque in Qatar? It takes some document or medical examination?
Does doha bank open at saturday(najma branch especially)?
Which is the best bet? I'm really confused;luxury and technology one side and my wallet on the other!! Any advise?!!
about the cost of living for family with two schl going children in Alin(UAE) near Abudhabi.Thanks in advance for your best inputs.
hi.. i bought a brand new car in november 2009. my istimarah will be expire in next week. do i need to go for vehicle test for the renewal of my istimarah or not. somebody says that there is no need for vehicle test up to 3years.. i'm expecting a proper answer..
We are moving from Bahrain to Doha due the problems over there. Does any one know where I can store a 20ft motor boat on a trailer in Doha ? Thanks for any advice
Do you need an exit permit if the husband (has an RP) is sponsored by his wife?
if my visa(family visit visa ;extended up to 6 month) expire ;how many months should i wait in my cntry to get qatar again by a new family visit visa?
Whats the most attractive thing in women? Your answers are most welcome
Is there any martial arts gym or club in Qatar? I'm currently working out Muay Thai sessions for fitness purposes. I think women are not allowed to go to the gym? Am i right?
we are from different countries resident in Doha Qatar; but i just want to know will it be possible to getting married in Qatar?
Good Morning; What are the procedure and requirements on my wife Permanent Resident visa; and where is the accredited medical clinic. Thank you.
I bought a wireless telephone from U.S not recognizing that it needs 110 v power supply. I plugged it into 220v and it works for two days then it dead. Is that affect the machine itself or only the adaptor I need to replace?
Does anybody know where is the location of Turkish Airlines agent in Doha? Thanx
Good old days use to b when girls would cook food like their mother; now they drink like their father....:)
Hi; I came to know from my company PRO that rules has been changed for apply Family Visa... He told me that rental agreement should be stamped by the municipality... have any one faced this issue. please help me on this... Thanks.
after a long day work;what are you planning to cook tonight for dinner?
where can I find hardware computer shop? It is not selling computer as a whole. or laptops; (not like jarir or carefour). I want to know where i can get hardware thing like motherboard; Ram; CPU; etc. Please tell me where it exactly is and what the name is. I have found some but it is not big as I thought it would be. can you show me what is the biggest one and nearly every component brands is there? Thanks very much.
hi guys.... can anybody tell me that why all the HP laptops in qatar are made in china????? thanks...
Does anyone heard of new rules for driving test? Fm one driving school advice that it started august 1; 2010 no more automatic for men only women is allowed to take automatic?
My daughter will turn 2 years at the end of this month; she is in love with Hello Kitty; i want to custom a cake for her; where to find a cake shop in doha that does these cake.... with reasnable prices too.... Thanx
Hi 2 everyone i just want to ask if in qatar already have new law for all employee to change sponsorship / change company if he / she want to go to other company; and 2nd about the yearly contract for all employee not to wait for long tym like 2 years of contract now it is 1 year and yearly can go vacation thanks for answers...
Is it necessary to collect the exit permit for family visit when my family return from qatar?
Anyone knows an Air Freight company can send thing to Dubai?
A kitten ran over by a car; possible broke bones; need treatment ASAP! Help!
Is the flash of traffic camera/ radar visible in daylight? Also; is it true that traffic fines now have increased? Thank you very much and anticipating your response regarding this matter!!!
Is the tap water here inside houses fit for drinking? Do we need to buy water cans?
which location the new Arya Bhavan Reastaurant located? Please give me the way?
Does anyone know if the famous Sealine Beach near Mesaid is open during Ramadan and there are some useful services like cafe or a restaurant at this time?
QLers whom wld u choose between ur career or gf / bf if u wher bound to fall in such a situation ... wat wld b more important for u ... share ur views
Just want to know if all authenticated(red ribbon) documents (e.g. marriage certificate; diploma; etc.) are still needed to be authenticated in Ministry of Foreign Affairs or not? Thank you very much!
Can anyone help me with details of any good dermatologists in Qatar??
Does anyone know of any English/American/Irish Expat social groups that do regular meet ups? i.e coffee groups or days out? thanks :-)
Where do they get these matt colored paint for vehicles and how much would be the costs. Do I need a permit if Im going to change the color of my car and how would the process go? pls. advice. Thanks. :-)
Some media is trying to compare these two... Is it true that BUSH=HITLER if compared the number of people killed by war or invasion by them..?
What will you do if you have million dollars cash with you?
How many of you drink green tea and what are its benefits and have u noticed in yourself ??
I have just moved to Qatar and need to unlock my Orange Sony Ericcson C905 so I can use my work SIM in it. Does anybody know where there is a shop or stall that will be able to do this?
Hi ya'll.. I have a trial software in ma computer and da trial expired. i have un installed the software but the traces are still there. wat software do i need to have to remove the traces of the software....
Good day all; please where can i get NUTMEG for baking in Doha; Thanks.
I had worst experience with Hassan Abdulla Dental clinic as my bridge dropped for 3rd time and now I am tired of going to them once more? Can some friend suggest me a good yet an affordable clinic in Doha. My bridge is dropped and I am on soup only. Cannot eat food properly! Many Thanks
Good day! I just want to ask if the water and electric bill is included in the accommodation since the offer was accommodation is provided? In my offer letter they included electric allowance only specified in the job offer; so what does it mean? Do i need to pay for the electric and water bill on my own? Since the accommodation is the only they can provide? Please help me... Thank you very much...
can someone tell me the process on how to get visa for my new born baby?
can anyone please provide a list in this topic some arabic words with equivalent english words. i only know few words and i like to learn more even 1 word a day. just spell the arabic word on how is it spoken. :) sabah elkhier - good morning masah elkhier - good afternoon mapih - nothing; none keifak? keif hallak - how are you? (boy/girl) shukran - thank you
I think I slept wrong; the side of my neck HURTS?!? So I think I slept wrong last night and so in this morning I was trying to pop my neck as usual and then it just hit me; this terrible pain on the right side of my neck. So I've pretty much had my head tilted to the left all morning because of how much it its hurting. Could it be a strained muscle? Oh and I cant drive to the Doc right now so any quick fix remedies?
We are new to Qatar; been here for few months; and it's only me; my husband; and a baby of less than four months. Can anybody help with nice ideas for things or places we can go during this Eid? Thank you ahead.
Hi; What is the maximum luggage i can carry from Doha to Kerala in Qatar Airways??Also please asisst me whether i will get good dates;dry grapes in duty free?
HI there. Can anyone tell me if it possible to renew my maid's Sri Lankan passport through the embassy or not. She wants to stay another year but her passport runs out in November. Thanks in advance.
Good evening guyz! how was ur valentine day?? interseting? boring? heartbreaking? or a day to remember!?
hi guys urgent please Where can i found HTC Droid DNA phone in qatar ?? thanks in advance
i need some idea what the best gift i can give to my boyfriend for our anniversary..QLers help me pls..
Do you guys have any idea if there are Volk Ray rims for sale in doha? If not; any referrals where i can buy good quality rims? Thanks!
Can UAE Residence Visa Holder Get On Arrival Visa At Doha Airport; If Travelling From Home Country.
Hi QL Members; I already have my NOC and all the requirements needed to transfer the sponsorship. But I only finished 1 year.. Is it possible to change after 1 year? Please help. Thanks.
Where can I buy original " Cat" shoe ? I saw one good model in Lulu centre;; but they dont have a suitble a suitable size for me;
I do not have an International driving license.
I haven't found a good school for my 13 and 15 years old boys and I was wondering if anybody knows of homeschooling system here in Doha same like the ones in USA. Anybody knows of any groups please. By the way I work in a university here in doha and I know all Doha's schools. The ones I like for my kids to join don't have enough seats. Just to save you time if you think of suggusting any school. I appreciate your help in advance.
How and where i can find sponsor in Qatar for small business? What is the first steps to find serious man who will take a look at my business plan ? I guess it is difficult if u are not speaking Arabic ..? :(
where i can find a Huskey Dog in Qatar ? plz inform me if you know 5333525
hi friends ; is it possible to change SHAKSEE kafalat to compnay or govt?
I have just moved to doha with my 3 mth baby. where do i get some reasonable baby clothes. tried mother care but way to expensive and did not like the variety also
Which is the best trouble free; user friendly and strong software for small/medium businesses ? Tally/Peach-tree etc.... ?
which is better?
is it happening or what? When? Where?
any idea when District 9 movie gonna be released in Qatar.
If any of you have been watching the Euro 2012 ... it being a small tournament compared to the world Cup has soo many issues For example; Croatia recently fan started throwing stuff on the pitch Russians hooligans beating the hell out of the other teams fans Do u think Qatar can handle this ????
Hello; I have some friends coming to visit here in Doha. I was wondering; since they're an unmarried couple; if they will be able to share a hotel room? If so; could you please recommend. Thanks
Hi; I met a Qatri guy on the road yesterday. He is asking me to give my car's number to him. What is the procedure? How much money should I ask from him? Looking for quick replies...... Thanks
Hi friends; I am working with an international company where the new income tax law is to be implemented. Could you please help me with the following? 1) How your companies reacted to withholding taxes Thanks My Blessings.
has anybody heard about healthspring world clinic. i have heard the doctors there are very good
How can I delete a forum I have created?
I'm trying to book some time off that coincides with the public holidays we get at end of ramadam. Does anyone know for private companies what days these 3 days will be?
Are people with tattoos allowed in Qatar? I heard the tattoo shops are illegal there. Do people have to cover the tattoos in public? PLEASE explain;thanks!
Hello I am living in India right now. I got a job offer from a Public School in Doha for the post of IT-Dept Head and they want me to fly asap. Offer is 4000 QR + accomodation+ transport. Is it good enough? I am single and expecting a family life soon.. Thanks
how will i get medical test results for my mother for the test done 6 days back as i badly need it extend her visit visa. The results are not available in the medical commission web site
I just want to buy a brand new nissan sunny.Is anyone can advice me for the performance and future selling value of this car?
Commercial Bank will apparently give 2% on QAR in a savings account. Is there anywhere I can do better than this?
Hi all beloved QL; Is anyone here know such thing called henna? is the kind of herb from India isnt it? Is there any shop sell this in doha? Thanks;
Under Qatari Labour laws; a company (especially a government organization) terminating an expatriate staff (who has worked for the company for over 5 years) is required to pay two (2) extra months' salary at the end? I got only one extra month's salary!
I have a friend whose father cheated with other woman. Now we have evidence for their relationship. What should we do about it? Should we report to Qatar Police or our Embassy? If we report; will they be deported from Qatar; lost job and must back to their original country? What the best solution for this...? Any QL member; can give us idea.. Thank you very much
I would like to tour Qatar for a couple of days next month. I have an Israeli visa stamp in my passport when I visited Jerusalem from Amman in August 2008. Can I still get a tourist visa at Doha airport upon arrival? I have a US passport. I know Doha hosted an Israeli trade office; but I heard its been closed since the Gaza war. Thanks!
I got a mail from 'Jobs In Qatar' web site saying I have short listed for a job. But to process that I have to pay US$85. Did any body get a job from this site?
Does anyone know where we can buy a REAL Christmas tree in Doha? Thank you.
One of my friend is leaving his current job and is joining a local company.What are the important points to be taken care of while changing jobs within Qatar? In this case; the current employer will provide NOC. Any comments/suggestions would be appreciated.
My wife and I are moving to Qatar in the next few weeks and we have a 6 month old baby. We are comming from the UK and wondering whether or not we can get SMA formula baby milk there? If not then we are going to have to Ship a few tins!!! Thanks Leigh.
Does any one have any news regarding the AR Rahman concert which was announced in the official website of ARR for Nov 13? Is it true that the program has been postponed to mid january following non availibility of Khalifa stadium due to the Brazil England foot ball match
Hi where can i find cellphone souq?
I am a Christian woman living here in Qatar and I fell in love with a Muslim man. He says that he does not care if I convert to Islam or not; but I feel that it would show that I truely care and love him if I did. What should I do?
Just upgraded my 3gs from 4.0.1 to 4.1 iOS yesterday...the installation went find however i'm not able to get it to connect to Q-tel now. How do i go about this? Version: 4.1(8B117) Carrier: Carrier 8.0 Model: MB715LL Firmware 05.14.02 Can anyone help me out? Thanks a lot
Hi! Is there anyone know if its holiday on January 2; 2011. Thank you...
If arrested while on a visiting visa; are you definitly going to get deported?
Fellas; been in Doha for a bit and might have an oportunity to relocate somewhere else for work reasons. My contract is for 1 year and states 3 months notice period. Looking into the labour law act it states that if I have worked for less than a year in the companbject to 1 week notice... Would the labour law prevail over the contract or I will have to stick to the contract? Any help would be highly appreciated. Best; Muthoid
My husband suffers backaches and stiff neck; resless leg etc. We are looking for an experienced; professional male massage therapist to do home visit twice a week in a compound in Al Waab. How much do they charge for a 1 hour session? Is it true that a female massage therapist cannot treat male clients in their homes? Thanks
Guys; I've been trying for weeks to get a hold of a broker/freight forwarding company that can pick up my 5 boxes from the airport and deliver them to my company address. PLEASE HELP! Saudi Airlines can transport them from washington to doha but that's it...so i just need a company to pick them up from the airport and deliver them...ANY ADVICE? Does anyone know of who to contact? Please help... thank you; Nadine
i got an offer stating that my salary for the position of linux/unix administrator is Grade Level 6; what is the meaning or equivalent of Grade level6? regards; JM
Hi where do we get those banana trees and banana leaves and beetel leaves? Festivals are around this weekend for us.Any ideas or suggestions wud be highly appreciated.
I'm new to Qatar; so dont know many places here. Just wanted to know if theres a web service like justdial(in India) here. Where you can find all the info regarding products and services. QL is great! But its more like a social thingy; I wanted to visit a site where you have quick n reliable info. If you know please share...thanks a lot!
We have Qatarliving.com ; As same like this Dubai living.com ? available ; how to find the same things in Dubai ? Is there any sites ? please update me
Where do we get Shiitake Mushrooms as I read it is very good for lowering Cholesterol. It is brown in color and has slightly convex cap.
Hai guys; is there any public place to watch IPL final?
My father work as senior engineer in QP; I think it's called mesaidde?? any place for snorkeling here? Its really hot here in doha...
please i wud like to get help from u ppl.that whether theres a wireless network available at family food center at its airport branch.i had found 2-3 networks but they are locked can any1 tell me how to access it.i just want to use voip service in there..
I am planning to put my 2 1/2 years old son in a play school.Can anyone suggest me a good school which is close to Madinat Khalifa south? Am an Indian so it would be good if there are Indian nationality children also.I know nationality shouldn't be a barrior in school but its just for some convenience.Otherwise am ok with any school.
my husband was cancelled he has until the end of the month i am trying to transfer my sponsorship from him to my employee if ok and done and if his work cancelled for him can he come back even as a visit visa ;and can i sposor my kids;and helper
I want to bring family friend form Oman to Doha. Any visa available visiting doha few days; How much fee for visa for visiting Doha;Please let me know
if we intended to purchase a second hand car; how do we come to know; how many persons were used the car?
Hello everyone; I an interested to know if there is anyone doing NVQ4 or if anyone has completed NVQ4. This information is for guiding me and assisting me in completing my NVQ. Please do let me. Thanks
So I was chatting to my friend on the phone last night; she beleives her school is haunted by an old tribe spirits. however;according to a recent study; the haunting feelings exist but the ghosts do not - do you agree? Have you ever had any unusual; inexplicable experiences? Do you believe in ghosts?
In Google Chrome; often I find porblems in viewing some videos from YouTube. ( pls see the attached screen shot ) how can I disable the safety mode ? after than can I view the Video ?
im wondering what will i buy this month; a IPHONE 4 or a Samsung Galaxy s2?? suggestion are higly appreciated; thanks
i need to know the location of Friday s souk; and at what it start and finish. thanx
I have Pajero which was manufactured in 2009 yet i bought and registered it in Mar 2010 for the first time. Just need to know upto when i can renew my road permit without vehicle inspection. i know it is first 3 years but do they start from year of manufacturing or year of first registration ? regards
Hi everyone; I'm new to Qatar and am really keen to meet some nice people; while I find my feet. I was wondering which groups are active; it seems in August every group is going into hibernation...like is there a British or even Western expat group still going?...or mountain climbing groups....Can anyone point in the right direction? Much appreciated!
What is the Axis Bank numner who is the Customer supporter in qatar his cont number pls
My visa to Paris is approved! Any tips? Good places to visit? Restaurants?
I am planning to purchase my own car and will buy a second hand unit on Cash Basis. Being an expat how should i go with the process. Do i still need to get a letter from my employer allowing me to purchase my personal Car. Appreciate much to anyone that could give me some ideas and Feedback. Thank you
If you have a bank account in Qatar and later you move out from Doha; is it possible to keep the account active and make transactions online??
Aybody know who has the TV rights for the Rugby World Cup in September? Al Jazeera or OSN?
Is it possible to resign from the job within the contract period? Is it necessary to pay the company expense for accepting my resignation?
Where can I find/buy Lego Blocks here in Qatar? Tried Toys R Us; Villagio; City Center and Landmark but to no avail.
does anybody know processes of used car loan?Banks are paying directly to dealer?if yes;where is the guarantee for seller?is dealer paying to seller after transfering the registeration of car to buyer?i am planing to sell my car but confused about the process
I took car loan from the bank for 4 years. 3 years are already completed. Can I sell this car without informing the bank; because I am paying with check book every month they are taking my money from my bank. How about the change over process? Thanks for sharing
im planning to bring my laptop in dukhan but im thinking if there allowing their personel to use it; because i heard it is prohibited.
Dear all; I have just renewed my passport. However; due to the work I was not able to transfer the resident permit on the old passport to the new passport. Will it be a issue if I want to get the exit permit for a short business trip then come back to Qatar to work? How long it gonna take if I wanna transfer my resident permit to the new passport? Thank you Regards; Lim
Dear QL's.... i have AOA 150 netbook with windows xp installed when i bought it;i like to try windows 7;i want to know if in case i dont like window 7 can i install window xp back;the original one which i'm supposed to replace? or i can have them both install in my netbook without any problems?help plsss;;; thanks in advance.
i have made 2 trips to qatar already (based in dubai) this year and will be required to spend 3 weeks here every month (official reasons :|)..any ideas on the best way to meet like-minded ppl n do something worthwhile...ideas welcome (good; bad; poking fun too)
does anyone knows where can i find fresh cow's milk?
If someone needs to apply for jobs at the American Base in Qatar; How would they do it??? Do they have an official website?? Please be kind enough to provide some information; those who may know. Thank you very much!! :)
Dear Friends; I would like to learn Arabic.Can u give your suggestions and recommends for the subject above? Thanks and Regards S.Seetharaman
is there anyone know what will be the procedure applying US Visa here in doha?
How much does a 20ft container cost from Doha to Chennai to send house hold items.
Now a days i heard a lot about visa issuance problems to some particular nationalities. If anyone knows; which nationalities are finding it difficult to get visa? Pls. share. Its only about nationality; or about job profile also. I mean if someone wants labour visa for Indian; is it possible to get? Pls. share if you know about same.
I am willing to perform UMRAH with my family before RAMADAN could any body help me to get visa before RAMADAN .....
Well I like to know house rent in Qatar per month and also school fee for kids I have zone 5 year and daughter 3 year old . I got offer 10k per month plus family status Housing allowance +transport is this package good to Move Qatar I really appreciate for your advice Sameer
Do I need a prescription or any other authentication to buy French leathers in the pharmacies in Qatar?
In an Emergency case for example (My friends father past away yesterday night but could not make out yesterday night for his exit permit and he fly only this morning back home for his fathers final prayer) how can we get the exit permit immediately on that night and exit the country. If any of you have ideas on this please post; it would be great help for the QL members in future.
The man had fought for the US in the War against IRAQ and after returning; he had got married with the girl he was in Love with... Real true Love indeed... Hats off... She is one of the great women in the world as far as I can see. have a look picture ;;so u can understand whats she did for love;;;; This is a true love;;;Isn't it? I think She is 1 In a billion;;;
Are there shops selling Lowepro in Doha? I am looking for a Flipside 300. Appreciate any response. Thanks
Hello I am looking for a Hairdresser who can do a home visit? Does anyone know of any good ones? Thanks
Hello there; I am currently working for MEA for last 18 months and am interested in moving to Qatar Airways. My work friend left to work there 6 months ago and I am unable to get into contact with him; he is based in Qatar. I would like to get into contact with him to better my chances of work; I'm thinking his company email is probably the best way. Is it name@qatar.com? Any help would be greatly appreciated.
Does any one know which days will be public holidays for non-government?
Can anyone recommend a good car service place for my Prado using Toyota spare parts? I have just imported my 1 year old Prado from Dubai and local Toyota garage want QAR 5000 just to register it on their system - robbery with the lights on I say!!! Any suggestions gratefully received. Regards Tony
Can i apply fresh passport from Qatar for my 6 months old son who lives in India - Chennai
They have the fame; money and almost everything and yet they are on drug abuse. What do you think are the factors that drive them to become addicts?
Does anyone know where I can buy Morroccan Tea?
I want to cut my hair I need a good place where they can speak english.
R.I.P English in Qatar. But Seriously What does These Lines Mean ? Just Took the pic Last night in Crazy Signal. The PIC in !st Comment.
does anybody know where dr samira from al ahli hospital has gone? some are saying she has resigned and others say she is just on vacation....
Is there any possibility that something could be arranged so one is alerted when one receives a personal message? I do not know if it is only me or everybody that does have no way of seeing if a message has been received while being in the forums.
Hi I am looking to apply for a job in Qatar and would like to know how to get a business visa there. The job is fairly senior over there and are a very good match for it but I dont know if I would qualify for the visa. Can anyone provide any advise or know what the requirments are for a business visa in Qatar? Thanks in advance
Are there any Scuba Diving Groups in Doha? if so how do we contact them? Coming out to Doha in January 2009.
where can i get Iphone made in other then china?
hi guys; Is it possible to detect frank callers?;does Qtel or Vodafone allow me to check the owner of the number who's calling me?;.
Friends; I need to buy vacuum cleaner which can use for normal cleaning as well as which can remove cat hairs from Velvet sofas. Any suggestion? and estimated cost of it?
my cousin will be coming to qatar in a couple of weeks and we were wondering what lines do stores in Doha have? do they usually get a stock of everything including autumn and winter clothes as well; or is it just the summer apparel (which would be understandable)? thanks in advance.
How much time it takes for visa application approval?i have applied on last monday 12/11/2012;but still application is under review.Please share your experinces.
Hi all; I just wanted to get some public perception regarding both Countries. I have this recently got an offer to work in Brunei and the pay is almost the same what I am getting here.... But I really baffled whether to go to Brunei or just to stay in Qatar and continue working with my current employer. What do you guys think/suggestion?
I have five days leave starting from 25 th October.How many days have you Eid holidays?
There was one shop programing the Car Remote beside QNB Musherib branch.Do any one know where this shop shiftted?
Can anyone give me an indication of expected salary range of a senior engineer working for a major oil company in Qatar? Thanks in advance.
Can anyone advise me of where to look- papers/websites etc to find expat car to buy; or possibly one to hire;any reputable dealers you can suggest?
Is a Dentist equal to a Doctor? / Do dentists get a degree of 'doctor'?
it is allowed or not if a man and a woman living together in one apartement in qatar.......spouse but not marry yet
Just interested if anyone shops in the market near Aspire for fish and veg and fruit as would expect it to be the freshest produce though no idea where it is actually grown?
Hi Where can I find good quality violins and grand pianos here in Doha??
Does anyone know where the best spot for fishing is ? Have tried Sealine ; Smaisma ; Corniche and Wakra but all we catch is small fish.
Is there any possibility to get a Qatar Driving license without submitting any local license? Any same experience or idea is highly appreciated... thanks a lot
We are thinking of hiring a maid without using an agency. We know of someone we can bring from Ethiopia. What are the steps we need to do to bring her? Can we do this without the help of an agency? Thanks!!
Can anyone tell me if there is anywhere to hire Jetskis around Doha. I went to the Intercontinental and drove around the carpark but couldnt find anything.
Hi Everyone; Is anyone from Doha preparing for CISA exam (Certified Information Systems Auditor) this December. Cheers
Qatar Airways passengers are stuck for over 6 hours now in Bahrain without any update or support for the families and kids. Is anyone watching the productivity of this 5 star airline!?!
Hello everybody; I was just wondering if there are any Alienware resellers here in qatar as I plan on purchasing a new laptop; and so far I can't seem to find any. Any help would be very appreciated; Thanks in advance!
Hi everyone! Please advise if you know any public place where can we watch India vs. Pakistan match in a public place. Please do suggest if you know. It's very important for many living in Qatar. Many thanks in advance!
Can anyone give me the telephone number of Sara Restaurant; at mushareib behind home centre
Hi. We are looking for shops / outlets who are having regular walk in customers. Is Qatar market having the thrend of shopping for their home decor and furnishing from Najma only? Is there any other commercial area where we can find good foot fall? We need suggestion on market and buyers view about buying home decor items. We would love to hear your suggestions.
Hello guys; I need your advice; im planning to go in driving school; but i need your suggestions which school you will recommend specially for the girls. Al khebra or Karwa? o any driving school? any suggestions or violent reactions? :D thank you guys in advance :) Happy Independence Day Philippines :)
Is it really worth settling down here in qatar? If yes; tell me whats worth here? If not; tell me why? ;)
I have failed my driving 4 times from Karwa Driving School. i have taken 1 month course. Can i apply for driving test again ? what is the procedure?
Are you with polygamy or no? As a woman would you like to have one husband or two?
Festivals are the times when we miss our loved ones the most. Im sure most of you would be planning on something or the other. Would you be at Doha or would you be travelling? Where will you be this Eid?
I have opened a zero balance account yesterday in a Doha Bank branch.They gave me a small paper card containing my account number.Now when will i get my atm card and others details?Any idea?
Do prison buses have emergency exits?
I have been receiving advertising sms from Qtel for a while without my subscription; is this legal? can it be considered spamming?
I would like to learn another foreign language; possibly of Latin origin; so either French/Spanish or Italian and what school can we go? I would prefer a going to a school with a small group. And also about the price? Thank you in advance for your insights!
I already visited Jarir Book Store and another shop name Color Note. But I didnt got full range of art supplies. Is there somewhere else? (I need some specific inks; brushes; pigments; papers and stuff for calligraphy).
Since morning people have been addressing me Fried lol :) I would preferred to be known as FU or Unicorn. Fried kinda takes away the entire meaning ;)
QUESTION: Why is there salt in the ocean?
Kindly let me know where the best falafil and shawrma sandwich youve ever tasted in Qatar. Would like to try them out ?
I was thinking about applying for my child to attend Frech school in Doha but we don't haold French passports(only Australian and British). Does anyone have any information about the new French school - I think it is called Lycee Voltaire. I think Lycee Bonaparte is only for French passport holders. Pleas advise - I'm really quite desperate for a good school for my child...
Hi! I am going to purchase a used car. The seller is the second owner and the car registration is on his name. How can I ensure that it is not morgaged? Is there any document that can prove this? Let me know please. Thanks!
Does anybody know any evening nursery? I have a baby 4 moth old and very much in need of childcare just for one evening; 10th november; next monday. Dont want to use nanny since I dont know any of them and it is scary to leave baby with a stranger. Please help!
Hello QLers .. A thought .. '' Love dies only when groth stops '' Pearl S Buck.
My family just go back home she cam here on family visit visa 6 months. After how many months I can apply visit visa again for my family???
Which Brand Projector is good How much cost Where available. Can projector can adjust to any screen size Will thank for good answer
im looking for the suzuki motorbike showroom here in doha. any ideas where it is? thanks.
i just want to ask where is the office for applying to work in airport...because my experience is aircraft mechanic and loading bridge operator....for 10 years in philippines...and im here in doha.; my visa is only a business visa good for 3 months....please help me to tell or contact number the office of all applicant who is willing to work in airport...is there any open job in airport..???
there are lots of FB posts that there are areas in Qatar which experienced rain today. in my place; there were few raindrops and now the sun shines brightly again.. i hope later in the afternoon the rain will fall hard and the winter will start.
You get to beat me as much as you want. It's a one hour act.You get the blood and I get the money.Pay me 1000 Qatari Riyals and beat me as much as you want. I won't pass out and I won't sue you.I'am willing to enter into a contract to this effect.I will put up a tooken fight but will end up getting beaten.All this for 1000 QR only.
Where I can buy some nice arrangement of sweets/candies; something with the Christmas theme or so to bring it to the friends house. Do they have this kind of things in the Royal Plaza or in Lulu Centre? if not; WHERE? thanks
Dear Friends in qatarliving... I didnt like to work to my sponsor anymore... we talk and we talk but in the end he told me he never give me release papers... i been working on this company for 1 and 5 months already.. can anybody tell me if i can come back here in doha if i cancel my self to my work? without any release papers.. thank you... hoping you can help me...
please can anyone tell me where can i buy a Lava lamp here in doha? answers will be very much appreciated... thanks in advance..
some time back i had asked about the best pizza in town and some ppl had recommended pizza express. well tonight we actually and tried it and found it to be grossly overpriced and definitely not its money worth. the pizza was okay but the calzone i ordered was stone cold from the inside. very disappointing ?! am i the only one or have others experienced bad service there too?
Iam living in AL-Azizya behind Doha Zoo ; can any body guide which is the nearest and good American / British school near to my home land. I would like to admit my son in reception he is going to complete his 3 year in next month. Thanks in advance maraza
Looking our for Tennis partners ;preferably to play weekly twice or thrice.Iam an average player.Anyone interested please let me know .
I Have Applied For A Visit Visa For A Month; Which can Be Renewed For 5 More Months; How Much Time Does It Take To Issue A Visa; As I Have Fulfilled The Requirements. Noc From My Employer At Qatar Airways Birth Certificate Passport Copies Of The Applicant My Resident Permit Copy.
Does anyone know when does the promotions and recruitment start in HMC? Is it true that there is no money to give the employees promotion ? Is it true that many staff thinks HMC is becoming a less desirable place to work ?
And what are the prices approximately for half a leg and under arm ?
I am constructing a House in India. Wondering whether I can buy house hold items like LCD;Split ACs;cooking range; furniture etc from Qatar and take it to India. If yes what are the suggested items to purchase here. Also any reliable Sea Cargo -door to door service available Thanks in advance
does anyone knows how to activate the secondary cam of nokia 5800??? please??? i cant get enough of it...
Mr."R" is an authorised signatory in a C.R. of company "A". He is not directly under the sponsorship of company-A BUT under another company sponsored by the same Qatari partner; who is also the sponsor for company "A". Can we add Mr.'R's signature in the computer card of company "A" and what's the procedure ?
Hiz! I will be arriving to qatar shortly and i would like to know about any local gyms for women that are not too pricy...any suggestionz!!?? Dor
I moved to Doha from Vancouver; Canada about ten days ago to join my husband who works for a company. I didn't realize that Canadian and American schools would be so expensive here since my husbands job doesn't pay for our children's education. My children are 7 and 8 years old and I am thinking about homeschooling them. I will really appreciate your ideas if you have any experiences or observations in this area.
Does anyone know visa process for Russian people to come to Doha for a visit? Can visa be granted on arrival or do they have to go to the Qatari embassy? Anyone who ever dealt with it please help!!!
Hi everyone; I have a multiple exit visa which is going to be expired may 2011; my concern is; last November; I just renewed my residence Visa in Qatar.. do I need to renew my multiple exit visa as well? can anyone help me to answer my question please? thanks Handy
are there taxis at mega mart? wanna visit the store but im quite hesitant.. not sure if the place is accessible.. do taxis (metered ones) go or wait for passengers there?
Would prefer indoors - The Sheraton has an indoor court but is only available to hotel guests.
Please let me know the Qatar Visa validity required to get UAE visa on arrival....
I am working here with QR3500 salary. Can i open an account with any bank without my Company's approval / NOC. if yes then which bank suitable / easy to open a account without too much formalities.
My wife and child will arrive this week from Manila with residence visit visa under my sponsorship. Other than authenticatd visa and affidavit of support; is OEC a requirement in phil immigration?
good day; just want to ask; which mall is the cheapest price in electronic items??? {lulu; carrefoure; or giant store} thanks in advance...
Hi! What is the average days leave that people get in Qatar?
Hi QL; My friend in Abudabi want to visit me in Doha. How do I sponsor visa for them. Any prior experices please share.
Hi all; Looking for some advice. I will be working in Doha and wondering where the best place to go food shopping is; the rough cost of living and having a good time there. steve
Does anybody know where i can buy here in Doha; Bhut Jolokia or something spicy and hot like it? Thanks
Does any one know where we can our unwanted parrots to? have two lovely babies.
I wanted to go out with my wife tonight; maybe somewhere for a nice dinner; maybe some live music? Any suggestions - We are open to anything!
Hi to all! How is the crisis hitting Qatar recently? Is it true that most employers now are delayed in paying out employee's salaries? If this case is true; am I correct to say that it is not advisable to accept any job offer at this time?
I am looking for a pet grooming service for a dog in Doha - Dog is a westie (west highland white terrior)any advice?
I am looking for a nice place to take some friends for lunch. We need to be there around 11:00 so we can finish by 12:30 in time to pick up kids from school. I want a nice-casual place. (Not Applebee's or Thai Snack.) But nothing too super fancy either. Any ideas??? I have found some; but they are either too fancy or don't open until 1pm. Thanks!!!
Hi~there!I'm going to be in Qatar in 2months;and i plan to open a chinese store in Doha;does anyone know how much it will cost to rent a store with a size of 30~40sqm in down town area in Doha?your answer is appreciated!
I am moving from Abu Dhabi to Doha in April. Please someone suggest me what will be one bedroom flat rent. Can I get a one bedroom+hall in a villa? what will be the rent? I heard rents are on monthly basis...then will the owner increase the rent when ever he wants by the end of any month? Please guide. Thanks in advance.
Hello all. I am currently interviewing for a nanny. We found someone who we would like to employ; BUT she said that her current employer will only give her a NOC (no objection certificate) if she or I pay them 6000 Riyals??? She has worked for them for 4 years. Can I still employ her without the NOC?. I don't think its fair that they are asking for 6000 QAR......Any help/advise will be greatly appreciated. Thanks
Hi; I would like my mother to come visit me in Qatar for my delivery. She holds an Indian passport and is 63 yrs old. I understand I will have to go to meet a senior officer at the immigration office for approval. However I wanted to know whether I had to take a copy of my marriage certificate which is attested by the Indian embassy and ministry of external affairs or a non attested copy would do? Any advice would be geatly appreciated
Just curious..Im planning to get married this coming December; my family visa is valid for 3 more years..can I use the same visa? :)
Dear All; I want to know if there is any QNET group here in Qatar and who I should contact for more informations other than the website. thanks in advance;
I am looking for a simple CCTV solution to install in a house. Any help?
Can anyone tell me that if someone travelling from Doha to Dubai on Qatar registered car and gets radar or any other fine like Salik in Dubai. Will he have to pay the fine? And how to adjust that fine. With Dubai Govt? or after coming back here in Qatar? Thanks
Can anybody help me.I went to the airline to book a ticket for my friends wife they refuse to do the booking cos her validity of the passport is up to July 1st 2011 they told me that her passport has to be valid for 6month the day she is travelling from Doha not from India cos she is holding a tourist visa;is it true.If she renew her passport the passport number will change.The visa will not be valid.Can someone give me the suggestion or help.
I am a Canadian citizen and a certified kindergarten teacher with teaching experience in the United States and Canada. I was thinking about opening a nursery and kindergarten in Doha. I would like to know Where to start from; the legalities and the capital needed. Your advice and observations are welcome.
Like it says above
Does anybody knows about Royal Jordanian Cargo accept snub-nosed dog ? Thank you.
Hi there; Does anyone know if there are any beginners Muay Thai classes in Doha? I know that Champions Club used to do them but not sure if they still do. Please let me know if anyone knows of any. Many thanks
friends can any one tell me;how is shamaal area in qatar. is it good and developed have some shopping malls or not much developed?
Hummm.... what am I going to do?
my kids studying state board education in 6 th and 3 rd standard; maharastra India my wife is MA Eng Lit Bed;Can i shift them and what are the fees and possibilities for my wife get an teacher job at doha and my kids joining school. Me presently working in a logistics company earning 30;000 INR.
Fixed wing is just a fad;put your trust in rotor thrust! Why do parachutists jump out of perfectly serviceable aircraft?
Hi there people from all races and walks of life. :) In just few days; Im going to Qatar. Im really uncertain and excited about the things happening there. I hope it people in Qatar would be nice and friendly. Any tips on how to deal with new country? Im an asian and will work as a Junior Engineer in Qatar.
can i live in qatar with him after we marry? Instead of me staying in a hotel am i alowwed to stay at his flat if he stays in a hotel until we make the marriage contract? What will we need to do?
How can i use new rule that; NR Indians can vote for next indian Parlament/assembly election? Where i have to apply for this?
can Pakistan girls allow marry indian????
Where can i find DTP guys who can help me get print outs. Like digital laser printout pasted on mount board or flex and vinyl printing. kindly let me know; if you know any. Thanks in advance.
Hi all; I am moving to Qatar in August and hope to join either a rugby or cricket team. I would like to play at a social level. I have played both at Sunday league level. If anyone is a member of any clubs please get in touch.
Sorry for the dumb question? I heard lot about facial. gold facial; diamond facial etc... What is this procedure? What are the benefits? Will it remove sunburns and dark marks permanently? Where is it available in qatar and how much?
Was going thru some stuff in my parents house and came across my LKG and UKG report cards..... feeling all nostalgic although I dont remember a lot from those days... I remember pushing a guy for somethin n he coming with a black eye the next morning:)))) What about you guys? Any memories from Kindergarten/pre school/nursery???
Hi; Any one please help me find how to move/ship car from kuwait to qatar. If anyone can give me reference to shipping or truck companies in kuwait ; i shall be thankfull thanks
What are the physical traits which contribute to on being beautiful? What are the key parameters? I wonder how some people look so beautiful/handsome and some don't!
What will be the impact if India and Pakistan become real friends
Hi; I would like to come to Qatar for a couple of months and if possible 3 months. I am not sure what visa; Business or Toursit; is better. Also how can I apply for this visa? According to my understanding I need to find a sponsor from Qatar for this. Can anyone help me in that? Regards;
I'm not sure if this has been posted or not but I just wanna ask if it's true that your present employer (being a Private company) MUST give you an NOC (release) if a Government company wants to hire you? I'd appreciate some thoughts/clarifications...thanks!
I have work 6 days a week; only Friday is my free time; any suggestions? I'm burning out here please help. I have friends but we have no where to go.
Why aren't traffic reports broadcast regularly on the local QBS radio during the rush hours? Not suggesting reporting all the jams; otherwise no time for music; but even if we knew about the latest serious accident; like on the Expressway tonight; it may give drivers a chance to take an alternative route....assuming that they're not already jammed up.
Hi; I need to travel to Dubai frequently. Can anyody tell me what's the cheapest fare available from Doha. Thanks.
Are there any Ukrainians in Doha? I would like to set up a group of Ukrainians to meet regular. Pruvit! Meni 33 roku; rodom zi Lvova; ya i mij cholovik (rodom z Avstrii) pereihalu v Doha y Sichni 2009. Ya shykayu ukrainciv sho juvyt' y Doha dlya spilkyvannya. Yaksho vu zacikavleni byd'-laska email meni na lemberg77@gmx.net
Remember reading about one in one of the posts.
I went to the hospital; but unfortunately they don't do it there... does anyone know where I can get this done quickly as it's holding up my RP... thanks in advance.
Do you know any Lactation Consultant in Doha who can give good advise about breastfeeding?
How to say in Arabic: "Did anybody call me?" "Did anybody enquire for me?" Thanks in advance
I am an engineer having family visa status; my wife is also with me in Qatar; now I am planning to bring my parents to Qatar. What are the documents required for applying visit visa to parents.
I have one bag full of old clothes. I wanted to know if I can donate to someone here or some charity organisation who will distribute to needy.
i plan to take my distant relative on hotel/tourist visit visa from Bangladesh; is it necessary for him to carry 5000QR to show on the airport? thanks
I have an interview for a British International School in Doha. The thing is that I don't know exactly what kind of salary to expect. Anyone have an idea of what I should aim for.
Hi all; I have a new German Shepherd Puppy that is coming to me next week and I am looking for dog trainer; any one can point me to a good dog trainer here in Doha?; thanks a lot Best Regards; Mohamed
which one is better? 1- nissan tiida 1.8 sedan (2011) 2- chevrolet cruze 1.8 (2011) 3- kia cerato 1.6 (2012) have no idea about cars but have to choose one of them to drive? which one shall i choose? thanks
Which type ac is good?Split ac or window ac? Which one is a better company? My room is 1bedroom;kitchen;hall type... Tell me its capacity and price? Help me pls...
Hello everybody. I went to Turkey Restaurant in al saad area 3 weeks ago but it was closed. anybody know that it is still closed or they have opened; i want to go today. thankx in advance
Can any one lead me to christian CSI church in QATAR.
Hi Guys i need your suggestion. i adopt a he kitten from the street its very cute and playful; but this 2 days seems to be something Wrong no appetite to eat and always sleeping. any ideas for vatunary hospital and how much do they charge to treat the cats; Thank you for your contribution in advance.
Can I apply my friend a visit visa by my self?
I just purchased a second hand car with istimara valid till year end. There was no papers regarding the validity or information of car insurance. Is there a way I can find out such details as the previous owner doesnt have the documents.
anyone afraid of airplane ride alot ?
Any food mixer (home appliance) repair shop in qatar?
Is there anyone who's interested to have a female dog (maltese) that could take good care of her when i leave this country. if you're interested and would like to talk about it more please email me at elyjoy08.33@hotmail.com or kindly call me +974 6631710 Thank you
It seems that Acai berry is fantastic for diet
I'm trying to post a classifieds ads in QL from India but not able to do so. Is it not possible to do that from out of Qatar?. Previously i was able to do it. Anyone pls ans me.
Hi I need to pay a small amount on line. But I dont want to use my credit card as well as Banks debit card. Is there any alternative way to pay or is there any specific bank card available for a specific amount which can be adjusted once debited the amount? Thanks
and what they should do :)
I've been thinking of setting up a business that provides a service for expats; but not sure what sort of service is in short supply.Does anyone have a suggestion?
Hi; I need a website or book with a step by step guide to performing Umrah correctly. Please only give details on government based websites (Saudi/Qatar)if there are any. Thanks.
My children didn't get good results this time from board exam. In BFPS results are pathetic. Because; lady principal send good qualified teacher to Pakistan. She is doing trial and error experiments with our children's future. How do we improve std of our childrens education?
hi everyone; please i would like to know from personal experiences how good rising star kindergarten is. A friend told me all they do is watch TV all day. I went there during the holidays to check and I actually saw TV's in the class but I would like to know from anyone whose kids have been to RSK their personal experiences. I really do appreciate your sincere and candid opinions.
anyone could help me to get a tourist visa going to UK??
I just want to know who won the fabulous mercedes benz lulu mega draw held on the 23rd of November; 2008?
Hi Mod. The new site looks good and makes a bit of confusion when surfing through. This post is to know; how can I find a vehicle/ Apartment/ Mobile.. in general; a product in my price range? If its a car; how can I find a particular brand; within my price range? Hope to hear from you soon... Thnx;
This is a reminder for all the motorcycle fans that it will be happening again - MotoGP night race in Qatar. A night not to miss. For paddock passes - we might get some; to sell. To the highest bidder :P ..
Are Hankook tires good for Land cruiser 2006 model??? any suggestions ??
We are moving at the end of June. We are looking for an apartment that is nice in a good area that is reasonably priced. We would like to live near the water. Does anyone have any ideas?
Does any 1 have idea that one can visit Qatar on visit or business visa after RP cancellation? does that 2 year limit applies on Entry to Qatar on all Visas?
Hello I'm rather new to qatar and am on the look out for motorcycle dealers or motorycle accessories providers/garages I've seen the Tyseer showroom next to the airport and have also been to Technobike who have unfortunately shut down. Any info on the above subject would be much appreciated Regards Adam
Hello all; Good morning! Can anyone tell me where I can get the best quality of the following spices here in Qatar? 1. Cinammon 2. Star Anise 3. Cloves 4. Elaichi 5. Saffron 6. Baharat (mixture of spices-Turkish;I think!) 7. Zaatar Would appreciate your replies.. Thanks!
What stores here in Doha are now selling brand new unlocked ihpone 4 16/32GB? and where are the apple stores? tnx
Anyone knows an upholstery in Doha which can change a cloth covering car seat into a leather seat in a cheap price but good quality? Please let me know; thank you..
Is Medical Commission and Immigration Office closed on Saturday.... Need to extend my wife visa.... Thank you
I have seen variants of this question here before but never seen a full answer. Does anyone know if for some reason a particular medication is not available in Qatar whether there is a legal mechanism or process for bringing it in to the country? Is there a particular government department or agency that should be contacted? or a Customs clearance company? Any feedback much appreciated.
hi; anybody having experience with this airline; do they provide the food and soft drinks during the journey
If you were going to buy a nice high quality suit case; what store in Doha would you do to?
Hi friends; Besides the 20% less fare; what will be the special gift to be announced by Qatar Airways on tomorrow?
I was at my Tutors compound and some school mates live their so i went 2 meet them. I told my driver 2 stop me at the swimming pool. I was in a Aston Martin and when I got off some Indians kids were looking at me. They called me a Kutta Ka Batchaa and they were really pissed off. I wasn't showing off I was wearing normal stuff. Can anyone tell me what that means... is it bad or good??? Thank-You
I need various colours for kids to make friendship bracelets with - and don't want the boxed sets - just a selection of colours...any names of places greatly appreciated!
Gold price is steadily increasing. Does it show the poor foundation of the fiat currency?
Is there any social activity in Qatar like concerts from indian singers or not?????????????/
Hello; I am looking for a school for my son. He is 15teen and he isn't good in english :( (his first language is polish). Can anyone suggest something? Ewa
How to apply in HMC ?? Applying online is totally useless i guess.! Is der any other way to apply in HMC(Hamad Medical Corporation) ?? Btw this is for Clerical posts!
Hi; Im a 16 year old teenager; I want a job to either work on a computer or anything because i need the money for it since the salary i get already isn't enough because things are very expensive now days. so if you have any idea help me out!
Hi; can i convert my Qatar driving license in UAE? Can i drive temporally with visit visa?
where can i buy rimmel cosmetics here in Qatar? and how much are they selling the products?
I anticipate coming to Doha in January for three years. I am an overweight woman from the U.S. who normally shops at Catherines and Lane Bryant stores and online at companies such as Woman Within. Will I be able to find large size clothing for overweight women in Doha or should I bring enough clothes to last until I can make my first trip home when I can do more shopping? Thank you for your help.
can anyone suggest a good indian gynaecologist in hamad/private clinincs? how shld one approach hamad hospital and who is the best gynaec there? private pls name a few..apart frm khudsia begum!!! how much is the min. consultation fee and how much will a scan/blood test/T3;TSH;T4 TESTS cost? ur suggestions will be highly appreciated.thanks in advance.
Dubai is one of the world's most attractive and rapidly developing leisure destinations. An intriguing land that combines old-world souks and modern shopping malls; rolling sand dunes ; remote Bedouin villages and an array of five-star hotels; Dubai defies easy definition. now; aside from shopping; malling; bar hopping... can u suggest things to do or places to go in Dubai. Soon; i'll be there for a visit. thanks!!!
I am M.B.A (hr)graduate;indian;5yrs exp.now I am in Doha under visit visa.I applied gulftimes;there was no responce.Then i applied online sites like qatar petrolium;rasgas etc.no reply at all.what to do next for job? i need urs valuable reply.Thanks.
Hi everyone; I'm new to Qatar and am really keen to do some group sports here; meet some nice people; while I find my feet. I was wondering which groups are active; it seems in August every group is going into hibernation..or..Can anyone point in the right direction? Much appreciated!
Does anybody know if whey protein is available in Qatar? I've seen egg protein; but it seems very expensive here (over 400QR a tub; when whey protein is about 20 a tub in the UK). Thank you.
Hello ; Good morning Good evening everybody I want to ask you guys where can i buy An Amazon gift card in Qatar !! the American one Thank you
Want to send 32" LCD TV to India by Cargo; Please let me know How much will be the charge and how I can sent. Is it reliable to send by Cargo. Thanks
Has anyone; lately; got a visit visa for parents over 60yrs old?
Hey guys; Where do you think I can find the following ingredients: Unsweetened baking cocoa powder Unsweetened almond milk All natural almond\peanut butter PB2 (Powdered Peanut Butter) Salt free seasoning Greek yogurt (organic if possible) Thanks guys :)
I recently got married and I want to change my last name to my husband's last name. Can anybody help me how to do that and where to apply?
Good Day! Where can I find language school that teaches french? and how much is the rate for beginners class? Thanks in advance..
Join me please to get mathboy back on QL. Ever since mathboy left QL has become sad and boring. I along with many others find no reason to come online. Two Pak community groups are dead without him. No one except him has the ability to manage Urdu speakers and Pak groups. mathboy; QL is not the same without you. Please come back. Trust me you have tons of admirers here and they hugely outnumber jealousoos.
I am new here and I dont know of any good Gynaecologists in Qatar. Its my first time and I am quite nervous. Also one of my friend suggested Dr. Fawaz. Any idea how is he ?
Hi All; My daughter is 4 in April and my son is 2.5 years; I'd like to find swimming lessons for them both and dance/ballet lessons for my daughter. If anyone has any info on the above I'd appreciate the help. Many Thanks in advance Finoli
Does the cobra radar detector works in qatar?
What is the timing the vegetable market(fruit section-whole sale) open on Fridays?Can somebody pl let me know?
Dear friends; I am 9 months pregnant. Going to deliver my baby at womens hospital. My question is ; what are the items I have to collect before admission in hospital. This is my second baby. First baby is C section. So kindly advise me for both c section and normal delivery. Thanks in advance.
Hello Everyone; How is the new Vodafone mobile and broadband internet service in Qatar and how is the coverage in all areas. This service appears easier on the pocket and more flexible and that's why I am apprehensive about the service. Or is QTel the best? Thanks. Vivme
If I shift to UAE ; can I use my Qatar DL there.I heard that we cant use ; and we should take another .Is this true.
i have seen hyundai fx coupe 2006model;and asking price is 25;000 and mileage is 165000kms;and its sports car can any one tell me is it good price urgent
Bahrain implemented the No NOC policy for any expatriates wanted to transfer to other sponsors.This is a wise decision by the goverment to let skilled workers stay within Bahrain. Is this possible here in Qatar?
Why do most people from S.... Asia have foul odor in their body especially underarms? Is it related to their food diet or just a neglect to personal hygiene?
Anybody knows about where we can buy L'Oreal hair serum in Qatar. Please help me... Thank you
What are the chances that the police department will raid a certain flat because there are unmarried couples living together in the flat?
where to find out the ministry of health office?
Good morning! What did happen to the Qatar-Bahrain-Causeway? Any news? Any well-defined answers? Please not answers like they will start in summer! Or we have to change the design! I am thankful for any informations!
Hello Wondering if theres any good book shop recomendations? Ive been in most malls but not noticed any big book shops that may have an Enlgish section; any tips much appreciated.
Hey there.. I am new in Qatar and would like to know if dating is allowed? I mean can you hang out with a girl that you are not related to? Or is it like illegal or something. Do let me know guys !! thankx
Hi every one ; Please somebody help me to know ; where can i find Samsung Omnia 2 (i8000) in doha ; i didnt find it in nejade ; and also wasnt in pc one ; Please help because i need this phone ; thanks .
Heya everyone; What i'm looking for is an internationaly recognized academy or school that offers courses/certificates/diplomas in Hairdressing and Make-up here in Doha!? Cheers.
hey all appreciate if u all can help me out am marine enginner workingon ships trying for a job in qatar.10 yr exp and indian national just wanted to know these things 1.how much salary can i expect from marine services company? 2.wat about the house rent and travel allowances (do they reduce the basic salry ) 3.is driving license a must to get job ???
Does anyone know anything about this compound?? Any good???
Guys anydbody knows if I am working with qa can transfer to another company ?and after how long? thank you for your help
Hi everyone; I am very interested in buying a used Boston Whaler boat... I will use it mainly for fishing and going out with friends/family... I need one starting size from 12 foot and above. Can anyone help with suggestions as to where i can find one? Does anyone have a Boston Whaler boat and interested to sell it? Does anyone know someone who has a Boston Whaler boat and is interested to sell. thanks a lot.
Is "Museum of Islamic Art"- open during this Eid holidays ? .
I'm just new here in Qatar and one of my hobby when I was in the Philippines is car modification. Is there any Filipino group here in Qatar who deals with car modification? How can I contact them? Do they have their own website?
Hi; I heard that Qatar water park has recently been opened. But i don't know the location. Could you please tell me the location?? I really appreciate your reply. :D
I saw many cars parked under UDC tower. Does anybody know if people start living in the pearl ? As an apartment owner in the pearl; I fed up with the postponing of the handover date...
can neone plz help me if i can find a good gym in umghuwalina area.... or a gym instructor who can come to my building for training...tnx
TGI Thursday Alrighty then... the weekend starts here and there's a party tonight to make it even better. Thursdays always seem a shorter working day to me; even though sometimes I have more work to do. Later guys ;)
Are there certain areas in Doha that are most popular with American Expats? Are there certain areas to avoid?
How long does it take to renew a passport from the Indian Embassy here in Doha. My kid's passport run's out early April.
I noticed during the last couple of weeks that the rental dropped a little bit ; anyone have information abouth this ; i mean look at all these empty compounds and buildings no one wil fill them if there is no resonable prices .
Here we go... im planning to go for a long drive and if i'll get sleepy during my long drive i'm planning to take a park in the right place and take a nap/sleep for a few minutes just to avoid any accidents on the roads and my question is... Is there any violation here in qatar if police will caught me taking a nap/sleep for a few minutes? =) thanksss =)
what are the changes can make by a girl in a boy's life?
if i want to open a kindergarden school in my villa;what all formalities do i have to undergo with?all responses ll be highly appreciable;thanx
I am joining a major company in Doha soon and would like to know how much money is enough to cover the basics till I receive my first salary; excluding accommodation. This is providing that they pay the salary at the end of the month do they? Thank you; ls
profile picture describes itself....
Just arrived from Australia; anyone free to go out tonight; would be good to see Doha. Anything going on tonight to celebrate EID?
Looking for a copy of XP - original! Where is the best place to get it? A shop where they'd be willing to remove my copy of OpenSUSE and replace with XP would be great as I don't know how to change OS. Thanks
I am now in visiting visa sponsered by my husband and visa expires on April. Could you please let me know when can he apply for the next visit visa and when can I be back to Qatar; at the earliest?
What should be the minimum salary to apply for car loan?
family visit visa for my wife.
please advise...........thanx...
Is "Avatar" worth watching? Reviews for the movie are good. How are the 3D efffects?
Do any one know the Address; Telephone; Mobile number of M.F. Hussain; residing in Qatar?
Anyone here who is a fan of shows like scrubs; the office; that 70s show; simpsons; psych;etc.?
where exactly at the airport is the E-gate issuance office is located?
OK.. A bit morbid; but i was reading an article on death row prisoners i the USA and their right to request a "last meal". Thei tastes ranged from just a cup of coffee to a half-gallon of vanilla ice cream; a box of Whoppers and a box of assorted ice cream cones So; wht would your request be ? OR do you think that it is a silly practice.
Where should I look for ads to buy a second-hand car?
i have just posted the question.. but it does not appear in Ask a Questions Section...why?
Hi! Can anyone let me know if there are any companies in Qatar interested in hiring male models? Thank you.
Dear all; anyone can educate me about Vitamin D. I am found deficient and even after a month of medication havent had a good result. But i have also noticed that it seems to be a regional profile ; a lot of other women i know have a deficient profile. Thanks
Hi guys! anyone planning to watch the Bahrain F1? Im contemplating on a road trip to bahrain... I just dont know if its a good idea. Need your thoughts on this one.
Is it possible for females to get bike licences in Qatar?
hi; any body have experience with keratin treatment?? apreciate all feedbacks; negative and positive. thinking of treating my hair with this brasilian keratin and want to make sure that its really worth the prise. recomande salone would highly be apreciated. thanks in advance cheers
Hi I need some Potassium Nitrate / Sodium Nitrate for use in making air dried meat (it prevents botulism; a deadly bacteria) - does anyone know where I might be able to buy a small quantity? thanks very much.
Hi My family came for a short vacation. I would like to take my child (6 years old) to some good plays where he can play and have fun. Pls.suggest me anything if u know thanks in advance vijay
transmission? Why? lol... just share your thoughts
Hi guys; I was planning to go back to my country and get some training in SAP... its quite expensive... so.. I was wondering if its the right thing to do.. is it worth it??
Hi friends;can any one tell me where can we fill the Car A/C gas?
Where do we get second-hand (old) furniture in and around Doha??Are there any shops which sell them? Thanks.
Basically I have a friend who has been to Doha before and they claim it's very expensive; can anyone reccomend a cheaper way to have a good time in Doha?
Hi Friends; I am interesting in micro-controller programming and I need to buy PIC 16F877A; bread board; programmer and many other components (Transistor; resistor; capacitor; osillator ect.) for testing. Please if anybody knows where I can purchase; let me know. Have a nice day; BR; Mangala
Hi;can anyone help or advice me what should i do? My is wife is out of Qatar for 5 months now and she's planning to be back here in Qatar by Jan or Feb 2009. Is it possible to be out of country more than 6 months? She is under my sponsorship (RP - Family visit). Is there a way i can extend here staty? PLease advise what is the best to do. Thanks
Hi Friends; Does both Exit-Permit and visa Cancellation is Required in order for a person how is leaving the country for good? Thanks
Hello; I'm new in Doha and my daughter has been playing piano and would like to continue her lesson. Does anyone know about piano teachers in Doha? Thanks.
With Germany in the throes of an E.Coli outbreak; it is time to take precaution here as well. Russia has laready banned all imports from EU countries. Will Qatar be following suit?
Where can one find best deals for laptops in Doha?
hey can you pls tell me how to purchase a new car what decument they want how to make insurance thank you
Hi I m using voipdiscount to call India for the last 2.5 yrs. For the last 4-5 days it is not working properly; have enquired few people they also told it is not working properly. Does every one have the same experience. Is there any other voip service working properly. Thanks
Can someone help me? I am thinking of changing jobs the soonest. Problem? I have a working VISA and as far as i know there is a 2 year ban after working here in Qatar.So how do i switch jobs here? Another option I think; pack my things and leave...waaaaaah I dont have much money yet to support me in my needs. LIFE.....unpredictable.... Please enlighten me. Thanks!
Read an interesting article about the power of Film. The premise is that movies can send a message to the audience and thus help change society. An example given was "The Blind Side". I saw this film; loved it; but did it help me become a better person ? I don't know.. Recently; someone stated "People get their values from the silver screen." Would you agree ?
i am looking for indian groups playing football or badminton. also;i hv a TT at home. anybody interested ?
Hi lebanese; I'm a french teacher ; it's my fifth year now. I've been in qatar twice trying to find a job but it didn't work. I need to be there whatever the work will be at first place. I have a diploma in french literature and a master in political and administrative sciences. Can anyone help please or can u just give me a good recruitment agency address? Please i need help thx
Hey guys could any one of u tell me which is the best bakery in Qatar to buy a Christmas cake...??? I dont wat it to be too costly or I dont want it to be too cheap either....the upper middle range.....help pls...
Guys where it will be possible to update the software for iphone?
I had bought a Sumeet wet gringer mixie from India; about an year back. Recently the machine has not be functioning properly. Can anyone advice a shop were I can get it repaired or anyone who repairs such Indian home appliances in Qatar.
my car is block on the street i need a towing car for to pick up my car in Duheil to industrial aera !!! somebody have any number ?? how much it will cust me? please its urgent!
Any recommendation where to buy a puppy from. I am not very particular on the breed
Dears; we bought a dell laptop 8 months back. now we are facing Problem with it.I have only used the laptop when it has been plugged in but the battery charge is slowly going down and is now showing only 3% charge. The battery icon says - 'plugged in; not charging' Can anyone will advise us to solve this problem. Thanks in Advance
Is there such a place here in Doha where the newly converts go just learn the basic of Islam like how to perform pray and other basic things that every Muslim should know? When I checked with Al Fanar back in July 2012; they don't any class for newly converts. Thank you.
my 4 friends are coming to Doha for 2 month time i want to book room in any hotel can any one please suggest me a cheap solution which hotel would be cheap if i book on monthly basis?
I went to Carrefour (landmark) today looking for stuff for pumpkin pie; but couldnt find pumpkin pie filling anywhere; unless I missed it in some random section. Anyone know if this is available anywhere? And if to last resort; can you buy a real pumpkin anywhere? thanks
Dear all; My husband has just been offered a much better position in Qatar and we are seriously considering leaving Dubai for Doha . Our only concern is finding a school for our son who will be 4 next november. I know all school have long wait list but maybe some schools will have a place for him ( UK;us or even french curri.) Do you have any suggestions ? Thank you very much in advance
My Nokia N97 is creating problems.It say memory is full and delete some file.Now I want to delete but so many menus are not loading.And it is going of off mode itself... Please advise..
Hey any one experienced Earth Quake exactle at 11.25 pm for abt 5 seconds ?
Anybody knows how much is it?
So; single woman - got the option of either renting in Westbay (apartment) or getting a nice villa near Villagio. Opinions? My office is in WestBay... I hear traffic is horrendous on mornings from Villagio to WB. Also; I hope to find unfurnished apartments cuz I'm bringing my own stuff!
tell me about friendship in one sentence...
Yesterday Night around 12:30am i got radar through mobile radar while moving from Muntaza signals to Gulf cinema signal. My car speed was over 140 Km/h where the speed limit is only 80 Km/h on the same road. How Much i have to pay the fine?????????? Also is the fine value depends on the car speed??????????????????
Are QL groups exempted from this ruling? CAn a group discuss any QL member in their group forum knowingly that they could not access it because of the new ruling of member-only? How do you define ethics and what is ethical and unethical? Hope Mods won't delete this?
Are there any Shiites in Qatar? any shiite mosques or anything like that? Just wondering:)
hey everybody i wanted to know where can i shop for high quality carpets and pashmina shawls in doha? please refer some nice shop. thanks.
hey; Can anyone suggest what can i get a 5 year old girl for her bday?? N where can i get it?? Thanks.
I am a female overseas contract worker here in Qatar who is a victim of estafa. What government agency should I go to ask some legal advice?
I searched the forums but can't find anything current. I need to get my eyes tested for new glasses. Any recommendations/suggestions where to go?
Child Safety gate
I hear news that 2022 will relounched from qatar.Any body know the real matter?
Yesterday was the opening of Chowking near Ramada Plaza. Who went there yesterday? How's the food please share?
driving school with english speaking instructors
Hi all; I hope everyone here is doing just fine. I plan to go for Umrah this month. Some says that I'd better have my car mudpainted as there will be much blowing sand along the road to Mecca. If anyone knows where to get it; kindly let me know. Thanks guys; and sorry for my poor english. Have a nice day!
I just moved here from the USA and was wondering if there is anywhere to get worms? I know we are in the desert and this may not be possible; but; can't hurt to ask. PS what do people use out here mostly...sardines?
I have a job offer from CGC Qatar...does anyone know how is this company to work for? Are there any issues working for them? How is their management?
what do you think is the most beautiful thing about Doha..?
I am thinking to get an electronic book reader for my daughter and need to know if it will work in Doha and which brand is mac compatible..... anybody have any experience with them?
I am looking for kids Bean bags. Where would I find some that isn't too expensive? Can anyone help?
How to deactivate QL account? Thanks..
Topless girls not allowed please. If you post nude pics it will be removed by MOD's.
Where is the best restaurant for a romantic anniversary dinner? And for anyone inclined to post that this has been discussed before; there are new restaurants and hotels opening all the time in Doha so I would like up-to-date information.
is it allowed here to ride minibike 49cc in qatar? pleasee help me answer dis question?
dEAR fRIENDS .. Did u Saw AVATAR Movie ? How is It ?
Hi Gud day to all!i am confused jst wanna know how many months can i comeback to doha as visit visa after i exit.i left last nov 2010.is it possible for me now to comeback with visit visa?wen is the start of counting the ban from the period of visa cancellation or the date of flight.all serious answer is highly appreciated thank u!!
Im planning to work in qatar and visa is all ready through sponsorship. but i learned today that im pregnant; can i still pursue working there? or i am not allowed to go?
I'm a fashion designer and I need a female model as soon as possible cause; does anyone know models here in doha? if you are one or u know someone please contact me as soon as possible; Thank you :)
I haven't seen the results announced and almost a month is done. Any answers?
what would the bank do if some expats who happens to have personal loans at a certain bank here; then decided to go home and never come back?
I want to buy a new laptop computer. Can anyone recommend a store that offers good prices and after-sales service?
Hi; I've an offer to work in Doha; the total salary (Base+allowances)is 62000 QR.. is it enough for living in doha?
Hello; I have been unfortunate to pick up two tickets in March. One for parking in the taxi zone at the airport and the other for driving on the right emergency lane. I picked up 3 points for the 1st one and one point for the other one; but already have 3 points previously. Is there any way I can pay for these tickets but not pick up the points?
Dear fellows; Could you advice me which bank Visa / Master card to be used for online shopping and registeration. As they are many banks here. But still looking for the economical one and specially the one which does'nt have any interest ( Riba ).
I have heard that there are some professions whose Visas cannot be cancelled by sponsors merely because he/she wants to change sponsorship. Is that correct? They are Doctors; Engineers and ? Who are they exactly? Can second Sponsor cancel Visa of an employee merely because he/she wants to change sponsorship?
Is Present Principal in BFPS a capable person for that post ?
i want to buy electric drums but i don't know where to find 1 so im asking you guys
Hi; I was looking around at the hypermarkets such as LULU and Carrefour and it seems they have the Galaxy S3 for 2500 QR. But when i searched on qatar living; people are selling it for 1200-1400 QR. I am wondering why are they selling it for so cheap when brand new in store is so much more expensive? Is there something wrong with the phones they are selling or what? please advice. Thanks
I was trying to download some open source software via Bittorent (yes; it is legal since the software is open-source. Bittorent is just a protocol to download it). It was working fine until last night. Now I can't seem to get anything to download with Bittorent. Is anyone facing the same problem or is it just something silly I am doing?
Okay; I KNOW the subject bar is lame; but does anyone know of really interesting places in Doha that are not very popular? I keep hearing of these amazing little restaurants; beaches with mangroves and flamingos; wildlife sites; etc. Please share because I want to try something different this weekend.
I need moving / packing boxes today. Does anyone know where I can buy some? I'd rather not go to Industrial Area with my little baby; or go beg for them at supermarkets... Or does anyone have moving boxes still lying around from their move; to give away? Thanks :)
Today we got visit visa for my aunt that is for one month but we requested for 6 months. Would it be extendable upto 6 months; and what procedure is to be done and one more question would she have to undergo medical tests . Your timely response is requested .
Is it possible to extend my visa for the 3rd time? i arrive qatar last january 19 with duration visa of of one month. we extend it for another 2 months after the medical and will expire on April 18; 2011.my question is? is it possible to extend it for another 3 months? pls i need some advice. thanks in advance.
Dear Ql-ers; As my move to Qatar is drawing near; I am asked wether to open a new salary account at a local bank or keep my existing european bank? For reasons I know; I would prefer to open at a local bank. But which bank would I go for it? any recommendations? Thanks in advance; regards
Friends; Where can I get camel milk?
A man will continue acting like a child until his mother"s death; then he will age in a sudden .
is there any place conducting swimming training??
hi kindly let me know if the meat shawarma in petra is beef that is cow or mutton as in goat meat
HI please can anybody give me advice which is the best place in Qatar for Ramzan Holidays?
Hi just wondering what to expect in Qatar. I was working here in Sharjah as a store supervisor and then I got an offer there in Doha as a shop manager! lets just say 4k higher than my salary here. I'll be arriving there tomorrow and I em very excited. I read and heard many negative things in Qatar but lets stick to the positive side;; so once again what will I expect in Qatar? life style; people; place etc. POSITIVE ONLY
Hi; I am a 24 yr Individual. I am getting an offer from a company in Qatar of 6200/month (Qatar Riyal) package; which goes around Rs.80;000 /month. I wanted an advice whether I can survive with this package and can save some money or not. Please help me people that would be really thankful from me.
Does anybody know a shipping company that i can use to ship my property back to london? Thanks
I have seen lots of bird over doha during evening time. Guess they migrate here in winter. does any one know which area( beach) they stay are staying?
Anyone having issue opening facebook tonight?
Qatar Living; Does Qatar.. Have a Shopping Festival like Dubai Shopping Festival.. If so during which time of the year is it conducted and for how long is the duration? Your Inputs Highly Appreciated.. Am looking to buy some Boys Toys- Hi Tech.. Like an HP Lap top with Mind blowing configurations; A T-Touch 100 Meter;Sony 52' and some more Gadgets for my car .. Do Advice Group :)
An offer I got from a company in Qatar states that employee; spouse and 3 childern are entitled to annual vacation business class travel ticket allowance (market fare). When I asked the HR about that item; they said that employee will either get the business class ticket or an economy class allowance. To me what they have said doesn't go along with the offer. Any body has more infromation about rules in Qatar
Does anyone know what channel(s) WWE Raw and Smackdown appear on in Qatar and when they are shown? Thanks in advance
Hi ; I have a problem in internet. when i click the email link from windows live messenger the hotmail page is not opening ; it shows " page not found " error ; click the refresh button several times then it opens. i called the Qtel they said everything is good in their side. can anyone help me in this regards. thank you.
Can anyone tell me where to learn English and Arabic? Thank you.
and all the shops???
Can we sponser our family on technucal visa.
Where can I find the list of ISO certified Qatar companies through web or any other source???
I would love to buy Ikea furniture and other household items from IKEA but I dont know where to get them in Qatar. Can someone guide me please?
what is the benefit of the points which given by qatar living ???
hi all.....i got my pc formatted.....i need to install my web cam again into it....by chance i misplaced the installation software cd somewhre....i cant find it.....can nyone tell me any other alternative to install it plssss.....the camera is of Hi-Teck company.... plsss help me
How long can one work in qatar with just visitors visa; iff at all? cheers
I am moving to a new villa this weekend. Does anyone now how long Qtel takes to move internet and landline; how long will I be without a connection? I haven't spoken to them yet; just want to get the general idea...
Hi I am a british expat about to start working for a company that requires a work permit. i have been living in qatar for 3 months and have a valid residence permit and valid qatari id that expires in 2016. I need a working permit now though. How do i go about applying for one? Thankyou!
Hi everyone; Pardon my ignorance but I come from a Country where you are taxed in every way that the Government can think of lol. This includes income tax. In Qatar; is there anything of the sort? I just want to know that if a job offers me a monthly salary; what (if anything) will be deducted from that figure. Thank you in advanced Peace be upon you all
If I fly in the Qatar Airways ... How much will it cost me if I want to add 1 more checked baggage for 23kgs? How much will it cost me if the weight of the 2 checked baggage is 30kgs each?
Hi guys; we are having a wedding in Doha and would like to where can i get the invitation cards printed. Any help; anyone???? Thanx
Hi! I would like to know where can i buy a professional Canon Mark III camera in Doha. If anyone knows a place where i can buy a canon mark III or Mark II; (used or new); let me know... and another thing; do you know how much does it cost in doha? i mean; an estimated cost??? Thanks!
Wie gehts German Community... in case i am not in a German community; yet; please help advise how to post in "Germans in Qatar". Danke schoen!
Hi all! We're moving from Dubai to Doha in a few weeks. We currently live in Old Town Burj Dubai (Khalifa). Are there any neighborhoods that are comparable - meaning newer community; amenities; walking distance to a small supermarket (Spinney's)? We don't need a massive villa - 2-3 beds tops. And we'd consider an apartment if that is more realistic. Our budget is 10;000/month max...Thanks!
Burj Dubai is a supertall skyscraper in Dubai; United Arab Emirates; and is the tallest man-made structure ever built; at 818 m (2;684 ft). Construction began on 21 September 2004; with the exterior of the structure completed on 1 October 2009 and the building officially opened on 4 January 2010 I was there last week and captured those photos
How many Social Networking Sites are there in Qatar? ...(looks like today a new site "total" sprang up) ...how would you rate these sites in comparison to QL?
I compressed some of my important data in as a Winrar File and protect it with a password a month ago..i totally forget the password now and i dont want to lose that data ... An Help to recover the password..?
the age old question is yet asked again;;;just to interrupt your train of thought till weekend....lol
QATARI FLAG -maroon with a broad white serrated band (nine white points) on the hoist side; maroon represents the blood shed in Qatari wars; white stands for peace; the nine-pointed serrated edge signifies Qatar as the ninth member of the "reconciled emirates" in the wake of the Qatari-British treaty of 1916 And i thought the serrated edge was a one-sided zipper.. :-( no offense meant *peace*
Can I get divorce in sharia court on the ground that I have not seen my husband for more than a year.Who will get custody over our children aged 3 years and 6 months.The younger one he has not even seen .How long the divorce procedure will take?
Hi Everybody; I'm looking to purchase a Notebook(mini labtop). But i don't which brand is better. my Budget is around QR1;500. I need your advice which brand is more reliable and durable ( LG; Samsung; Dell; Acer) ?? Thx
Which super power do you like to have and why?
FYSA; the city center mall is closed until Sunday.. Safety and Fire inspection... Would have been nice to hear it on the radio; before i wondered down there...
hi to all; does anyone know where i can learn Thai language. do u know any special course or school for it in qatar? i need to learn this language caue of my work.next year i will start working in Thailand cause. So its better to start learning this language now Thank u..
Hi everyone! I have been offered a job in Qatar but not really sure what to do as I think the salary is very low. It's 3000 riyals a month. Accommodation and transport are included in the employment package but I can't stop thinking about the salary for a full-time position. I also know that Qatar is a very expensive country. What do you think? Thanks in advance!
I'm interested in relocating to Qatar and was curious what the requirements are to making that happen?
Hi QL members; I am travelling to Bahrain 28/Jan/10 for a business meeting. My Qatar RP is valid until 05/April/10. Plesae advise me if i should get visa on arrival. I am a sales engineer. In case if i won't get visa on arrival; please advise what is the next option available. This is quite urgent to plan my trip; kindly advise me by return. Tnx;
how can i find that who is the owner of the car which has this number 300537. my mobile number is same with this car number. can any one tell me how can i find the purson wwho is owner of this number car?
I am an expatraite and I am lloking for buying a property in qatar; can anyone assist me about the prices and the process.
hi everyone im new to qatar and im wondering wat activities their are for mums and kids if any please help me out will love to meet other mums of any nationality thanks
Location
I've tried to find answers in other threads... I was really surprised to hear that even W restaurants are not serving alcohol in the evening. Is there anywhere at all? I am coming to Doha tomorrow to catch up with an old friend and we usually enjoy a bottle of wine over dinner. Any advise??
Car service center - which one is better? Hyundai or Kia? Thanks for the serious answer.
Where can I purchase plumbing supplies for my new house?
Hi all; It seems I have lost my QDC card. Or it was nicked from my car and some lucky guy is burning up my monthly limit. At any rate I need to get a new card. Does anyone know the policy on lost/replacement cards? Do I just pay a fee and get a new one issued? Or do I have to jump through all the hoops again and pay the 1000 riyals? I am going down there on Saturday with my passport and a bucket full of hope. Advice appreciated.
What do you think about the QNB notes?? Is it a good idea for investment?
Im planning to buy clothes thru online but my concern is if it is allowed to be shipped here in qatar. Any advice from u guys is highly appreciated. thanks and godbless
What are good arabic muslim names for twin girls
Can anyone please share his/her experience of entering Qatar first time on a work visa. What are the things one should avoid and what are the tips etc etc... I will be moving from Saudi to Qatar soon and all advices and tips in this regard will be highly appreciated. Salman
Hey everybody; I am coming to Doha; Qatar to explore the possibilities of launching my International Business Consultancy on the 10th of May 2012. I wanted to know if a 1000 Qatari Riyal would be sufficient for me to survive there decently for 7 days? Considerate and honest answers will be highly appreciated Thank you Dr. G
Hi All; I am having Qatar Driving License;will this license will be valid in all GCC countries? If I get a job in UAE; this Qatar Driving license will be valid in UAE; or again I want to apply for driving license.
Hi; Im new to the QL and this will be my 1st topic in forums.hope you guys can help me out here.. If anyone know a person who teaches photography for free in here;Qatar;please mention here their contact details please. I would like to learn photography and I live near kahra-maa head office thanks.
Hi Folks; My cousin intend to visit Doha. He works in Dubai and holds the visa of "Personnel Manager". Can anyone please advise if he can get visa on arrival?
Hey Qlers. I was wondering if i buy stuff from either Ebay; Amazon; NewEgg or TigerDirect; do i 100% get the item or do some people scam me? And how much time does it take to ship it to Doha; and how much are the shipping charges? Say i buy something used from Ebay; how can i ask it to ship it here as it doesn't give an option for Qatar.
i am currently under my company's sponsorship and my RP has expired 2 months ago and i want to change it under my husband sponsorship. do i need to exit first before my husband can apply the transfer of sponsorship?
Hi Friends; i want to know whether there is any shopping malls; areas or places in Qatar in which we can access internet through WIFI for free.
I would like to know what are the telephone charges like for calling from Doha to Sydney? Regards Raju
how many of u all have found urself stressed with work;with life; with parents; with spouses or could not handle any kind of stress. have you wondered where to go and found that u have absolutely have no idea where to seek help..does anyone know of a counselor who works in qatar related to family and marital therapy and child counseling...
Hi all. I am new in Qatar. My main hobby is spearfishing and I am pretty experience in that. I wonder if there is anyone who organize spear fishing trips. I want to enjoy my favorite hobby here and I just need to start from somewhere. Any advise would be highly appreciated.
I need a recommendation for a good quality car bodyshop please to do some painting.
pls answer sadik
hey all; i know that babies more than 3 months old need a visa to enter in Qatar ...but recently someone told me the law has changed and there is no need of visa if baby below 6 months ... is that true ?? please answer ... Thanks
Hi all; I have plan to go to Kuwait city with my own car. I got confirmation from one of hotel in Kuwait that they can arrange visa for me. Does any body know the route to go to Kuwait? 2 years back I was travel to Bahrain also by road and I know Dammam and I believe if I want to go to Kuwait I have to pass by Dammam right? Thanks.
Does anybody know where I can buy Kettle Bells in Qatar? Have been to the sports shop at the Mall; but they don't carry them; nor do they know where I can find them. thanks
When will rain? Today or Tomorrow or the day after that...? I thought for a moment; this afternoon; that it might rain ...but it was not to be :( Wonder when it is going to be?
Hi; I just brought my wife for a family visit visa. i need to extend her visa for 5 months more. Where i can go for medical and what are the procedures??Also what is their working hours.. Your earliest reply awaited.. thanking you...
My wife is looking for a place to have facial threading where they are professional and good with eyebrows. Should be exclusively for ladies.
i have finshed as per company contrect 2 year.now i want to go exit from here. then i want come again to qatar after six month by freedom visa.it posible. i am waiting for ur possitive answer. reagards ali
Where can I go for a blood sugar and lipid profile test before 6.00Am
Will the moon turn red for the lunar eclipse in qatar the 16 june 2011? or is that only for more nothern/southern countries?
Hello everyone I am looking for a Garmin dealership outlet here in Qatar to find a navi system.. is there anyone here who knows where to find garmin products? I appreciate if you can send me a mail to amiriground@gmail.com... I thank you in advance..
I heard that it is located at the Area of National and Industrial Area ;.;pls tell me the exact location
A nice rambling thought to brighten up the day: Maybe in order to understand mankind; we have to look at the word itself: "Mankind". Basically; it's made up of two separate words - "mank" and "ind". What do these words mean ? It's a mystery; and that's why so is mankind. Thank you Jack Handy.
I will be arriving at Doha on work visa in a couple of days IA. What do I need to know about the steps thereafter? Will I be needing the police clearance and authenticated degrees at the airport. thanks
Hey ya'll ; i heard about baide store and i was wondering if someone knows the price range for acoustic guitars out there.
Hello; I just moved from the US to Doha yesterday and since it's Ramadan I don't know what to do! I hear that all restaurants/stores/etc. are closed... What's there to do for fun/shopping/eating during the day? THANK YOU!
I love you.... you love me... we are one big happy family ... Why is QL so boring? All are welcome to hijack this thread and discuss about anything under the sun But plz keep it clean) no cat fights please.
I've been thinking of setting up a business that provides a service for expatriates; but not sure what sort of service is in short supply.Does anyone have a suggestion?
I have been to few official places such as bank and medical centre and while waiting in a queue to be served; saw Qatari men just arriving and going right to the front of the queue and managing to get served immediately! This is so unfair! Is this type of behaviour common and accepted in this country?
which hotel is the cheapest here in qatar?
Anyone has got the video of the National Parade this morning? Really need it to see how it is... May i have it sent to luke0305@hotmail.com ? Thanks a lot...
I have question Driving in Qatar together with your friend is not allowed in Doha? Example the driver is a Man ang the passenger is a Woman or other way around A Woman driver and a passenger is a Man but not relatives purely friends is it allowed or not? I need answer please
Hi We are coming to Doha end of December and looking for a short term accomodation on monthly basis until we find long term villa. We need to be close to the Education City. Do you know of any?
My cousin who is a Msc in Organic Chemistry wants to come here; Plz suggest what she should do so that she get a job related to her field.?
my son who is 5 has adenoids prob and is asked do a surgery to remove it. anyone who can tell me which is the most safest hospital here for this surgery?
I decided to include face painting as an activity at my daughter's birthday party. Where can I get some face painting supplies like paint FDA-compliant water based ; brushes; sponges and glitter.
Hi Guys ; I heard there is Qatar Career fair is going on from 15-18 at Exhibition center Have you guys been there; Please share your Experience Planning to visit once for career development programs
Hey peeps; does anyone know where I can find a seating plan for Khalifa Stadium? I want to know where I'll be sitting for the game on Saturday. Thanking you in advance...
I bought tickets online from Virgin megastores website for the Opening Ceremony of the Arab Games . Can someone advise the Number to call to collect the actual tickets or do they have a callcenter to check ?
How was it?
Is there any chance that i could apply a permanent visa for mother? What are the requirement? I hope you can help me regarding this matter.
Hey Folks; Any idea which channel in Tata Sky is broadcasting the Oscar awards live tonite? Any way to watch it today from Qatar? Thanks Guys n Gals
Have you think of anything but food? Are there any special food; delicacies or cuisine that you have been looking for but you can't find it in Doha. This is an opportunity to share your thoughts and bea part of a new creation =)
Hi All I've a Nissan Pathfinder and I need a second key made; but the regular key shops can only make keys that unlock the doors but not start the car. The Nissan dealer charges around Qr 300 to make a second key. Is there any other place where I can get a second key made for lesser that can be used to start the vehicle ? Thanks a lot for looking and answering.
What is the meaning of "House Wife"? Is working lady not a house wife?
Anyone who travels from Al Khor to Dukhan or vice versa? What's condition of the road like? Is it a busy road? And I was wondering how safe it would be like to be travelling alone; esp. for a female driver. Appreciate any response.
Hi guys I want to ask regarding BV. Anybody knows how many days/months the validity of BV before it will expire? How many months normally the allowable stay in qatar once BV approved? Hope to hear from you guys. Thanks!
Is December 10th a working day already? Will the banks be open tomorrow? Thanks much..
Im planning to bring my wife here in Qatar though a business visa which is sponsored by a travel agency. Once she came; can I convert her visa from business visa to a husband sponsored visa?
Hi ; Can someone tell me which are the available phone models which has dual sim facilities ; and how I could get my hands on one of those ... Got a vodafone sim - need to use it with the ol' Qtel sim ; in one phone . Cheers
around How much does a money changer charge to convert QR to US$. I know this might change with different dealers. Any place to convert at exactly the correct rate. tell me a rough amount.
I've heard some rumors sayin that due to some financial problems; bahrain gives up from hosting the 2011 F1 race; and announces that Qatar is the replace host...
3000QR is ok? can I survive? that cover all expenses (accommodation; transport fee; visa; ticket do doha; meals)
I am looking for a Yacht with a Platform (to put the cameras) for Rent on Saturday; for 6-7 hours; for an International Movie shooting here in Qatar. Pls send me an email. Thanks
What could we do to stop the bloodshed in Gaza and end the Israeli blockade of the impoverished over-populated city? Is there any chance of peace in the region with Israelis refuse to return land to Arab Palestinian people ? please give your comments and views
I'm planning to visit London next week and shop til I drop at Harrods; but now it is owned by the Qataris I understand it will be closed for two weeks to check the karak provision; landcruiser headlight add ons and humous section. Can anyone confirm?
Hi Guys. I will be joining Qatar Airways (DIA) next month as an Assistant Manager. Can anyone please let me know about the accomodation provided for this role.Will it be a shared flat or an independant one?I have read in QL that for level 6 and above it will be an independant one. Since I have not received my offer letter till now; I am not sure about the grade. Can someone please give some info regarding this. Cheers...
Hi; Does any one of a good quality beauty salon in Doha offering keratin treatment please? Thanks to all!
Hi every one could you ples tell me the location of Public prosecution in doha.
Where is the best place in town for brunch on a Friday?
Dear All; We would like to know the best Gynecologist in Qatar with the best treatment and socialism and cheapest. My wife is on visit visa ans she is pregnant want to consult a best gynecologist Doctory. Highly appreciate if you could give us the doctor name; clinic name;location and timings. and great help if you provide us estimation cost for each visit.
Hello! my boss want to cancel my visa and said to bring me back to Philippines. I am a local hired and now 7 months to his company; i have working visa and pataka but still no contract signed. My Question is; is he going to give me a airplane ticket? or instead of sending me home; he will give me NOC?
does anyone have any idea what salaries does QP offer to female civil engineers 3 yrs experience in Doha?? will there be any allowances if she is married and living with her husband in Doha?? Any idea?? please help...
Can anyone please tell me if Nando's has opened in Hyatt? I've been there like a month ago and it still wasn't open.
I already resign to my company and planning to go back to my country because I can't transfer to another much better company because they don't give NOC. My question is; can I demand my company to provide me free ticket going back to my country because of the reason they don't give NOC and I was locally hired here in Qatar.
do you know where is the best place i can catch crabs??? is there a specific season????? and what is the best time??? day or night???
Is there any shop in Doha; where I can find Ghagra Choli; Dandiya dress for my 8 years old daughter ?
Hi everyone; Due to fly out with family in sept. Can you please recommend good international movers. I'm in the south east of England. We've not got a great deal of stuff; just homeware; toys; kids bikes and other random things. Probably no more than 80-100 cubic feet. Contact names; tel No's; website details most appreciated. Many thanks
any place where we can play poker in doha ?????
Dears; Is it true that no prior visa is required for infants upto 3 months from DOB. If so what are teh documents we need to carry to avail this facility. Regards ;
I want to purchase TPMS ( Tire Pressure Monitoring System) for my car;anybody can tell me where and in which auto parts store I can find it ? Thanks.
I am planning to purchase a Car in Qatar. What are the key documents required from the owner while purchasing second hand car in Qatar? Is vehicle registration card; estimira; insurance copy and technical inspection report enough for me?
just i am in this forum to ask how i can find my friend in QATAR. She is from TUNISIA; went to Doha to work on october 2009 as para medical in Hamad medical corporation. her name is HAYAT; i am her friend my name is Rimel; i lost her contact here and i don't think that she has my contacts too. I am begging you to help me to find there in Doha. Thanks
Hello; I am new here in Doha as i spent only 8 months and i need someone have life experience here to tell me; if there's any discounts in Ramadan for such as Electronics; Clothing; Food; etc .... Well; i want to buy an LCD TV 42" but few people told me to wait for Ramadan to get the best offers. Any ideas? Thanks Yassein
Anyone has a young dog/ puppy of small or medium breed to be given out for adoption; please feel free to contact us as we are looking for one. Please contact us at 5927633.
Been trying for four days to contact #tel all we want is the internet tried the numbers was even cut off at one point helpp
my best friend suspects that she is pregnant. at the same time she has fever. is it okay if she will take vitamin c or panadol?
My husband got an offer from a Qatar Construction company with a salary of 2500 QAR + Accomodation. Please let me know it is a good offer or not. Also; is the family status possible with this salary and what is the minimum salary for family status?
I am just wondering if anyone knows how teachers and school staff are checked out in Doha? If a school follows the british curriculum does that mean they woild carry out similar background and criminal checks etc? I will obviously ask the schools this but wanted to get everyones view. Thanks V
anyone knows a good affordable dentist for root canal ??????
Hi ql friends now iam using USB internet modem since i used iam getting 5gb for month but now i want to buy MOZAIC tv which qtel giving land phone;tv;also internet with 1mb speed; can any one suggest me how is the MOZAIC tv its internet connection is working good with 1mb speed pls reply me. cheers.
Hi all - I need to buy a big stuffed camel for a Halloween costume. Anyone know where I can find this type of thing? Thank you for your help!
I would like to know from some employees in Qatar Airways regarding how much time it will take for the HR Dept. to call for an interview once the job has been advertised online. I had applied for a technical position 1 month before and am still waiting for an interview. The job requirements matched exactly my qualifications and experience. Can you provide me with an insight on this?
I just booked my tickets and hotels for my newyears getaway . So ; here is the plan : Newyork for 1 week Vegas 1 week Los angeles 1 week I was wondering if anyone has been to NYC specially in Dec .. How is it like ? How cold ? Cheers
hi; i have been training in Muay thai; kick boxing and MMA for 5 years in Dubai and i am now considering relocating to Doha (for work). i tried to find some boxing club online but cound not get anything. does anyone know of a good club in Doha? thanks
Hi Friends I am new to this community;need your help. i am about to reach Doha in few days.I hav been alloted an apt in 7 Pearls and it is suppose to be Furnished. Can you guys pls tell me how is the apartment there;compound;facilities and more over Furnished aptmnt means exactly what? Thanks for the help.Will come back to you with my other queries as well ;-) Cheers!
How much time will take to extend the visit visa for 1month.
Dear friends: Please tell me which bottled water is no.1 to drink available here in Qatar; bcz I got different opinions about different water plants some are good but some are not. so please tell me Thanks in advance
How long would it take to process visa in QATAR?? Anybody who know the agency MOMENTA? Are they legal in Qatar? I have my application here in the Philippines.. Still dont have updates/ status on my visa. Just want to follow up directly on momenta but I dont know their email address.. Can u guys help me? Thanks
Last night I woke up at 1 am coz i heard some sounds outside my room..i oppened the door and i found a lovely Terrier Black and Gold Puppy lookin at me i gave him food and gave him a bed now i dont know wether i should keep him or not any suggestions ?
Hello everyone; Does anyone know where can i find a good tailor in Doha? I wanna get some fancy suits! I tried some of the shops in the souq but they suck!! Thanks;
Please tell me the steps to be followed to bring a housemaid to Qatar in Sri Lanka. Looking for a advice who did the process recently.
I am Brazilian and I met a Pakistani we are wanting to get married Can a Brazilian married to a Pakistani in qatar?
Hello all; new to this site so hello. I have been looking at a job with Taqteer; and would like to no if it's a genuine establishment. Has anyone heard of them or worked from them?? Thanks in advance for any info at all.
Hello every body Allah willing I am going to europe ( Austria - Germany - France )in this month I'd like to get euro-pass card for trains and buses inside EU countries ; So please can any body tell me where exactly can I purchase this card from Doha ?
without going thro any driving school; if so wats the fees and procedure for the test..
My contract is about to end on january and i still want to continue working in doha but under a different company. My current company doesnt give NOCs. What should i do? I need some insights on.this. Thank you!
If a muslim country were to be given a choice between allowing everyone to get married (including same sex marriage) or allowing people to live together without getting married.... which one would they chose? Why?
I read in the internet before that the Kuwaiti Government will allow expats to apply for a citizenship in the near future. Will Qatar do the same?
I worked with a company in Doha (2008 to 2010); I resigned over a dispute with management ; They does't provided me NOC at that time ; I left without NOC; Now two years going to be completed by jan 2012; I am planing to come back to qatar in Vist Visa for Job Hunt ; If i get a job; still i need NOC from my old company to get my New RP ; (One of they Source said me that we still need NOC after two years) Please advise ;
I went to Canada about Two years ago. My contract lapsed and I applied for a new job. While waiting for my LMO to be approved; I overstayed for 1 month. My LMO was denied so I got home; I applied for working visa again but was denied too. Someone told me that because of overstaying for a month I might have been banned to go back there for 5 years. Does anybody have an idea if this is true? thank you
Hi All; Just want to ask can jordanian who live in Qatar change their sponsership?? is the situatioan now ok for the jordanian peapol??? I am looking for job and i want to change my sponsership once i find good Job and i am afraid of that.. can any body adivice Thank you all
How difficult to set up the a Restaurant of say around 30 chairs? What are the process and legal requirement? Regards; Mahesh
Hello Mates; Hope all is well. Can someone gimme the directions by road to Zubara Fort from Ramada Signal ? Is there anything else in the area to see? P.S. I cant trust google maps these days in Qatar because of construction work.
Hi QL'ers I just need a little help how to locate " Home Center " near Jida Bridge. My starting point is from Ponderosa; opposite of Ramada Hotel. Can you give me some popular landmarks near " Home Center " TNX in advance QL'ers
Can airport visit visa holders buy a car? Please answer
i am planning to buy a guitar.. where can i buy it? which one do u recommend? acquastic or electric?
Does anybody know; Is there any terms and conditions for the vehicle taking for umrah? I have a 2000 model car. Do I have to submitt the fitness certificate to the embassy like procedures? Or what is the procedures the embassy or the authorities to pass a car / vehicle for umrah? please help me.
Has anyone ever heard of a pop group called: Barclay James Harvest? They sing Child of The Universe and Poor Man's Moody Blues amongst many other songs. Anyone here in this Lounge knows of them?
I was working in Qatar almost one and half year then my work visa cancelled and I left Qatar 9 months ago. Since I don't have NOC from my previous employer how long I have to wait to complete my ban period. Is there any way to know still i am banned or not? The ban period in Qatar still 2 years or it changed to 6 months? Please somebody help me to find the answers. Thanking you.
My wife is here under a family visa. I was wondering where I needed to go to get started on this process. I have gotten her RP complete; and she is currently holding a Stateside Driver's license. My company did my Driver's license for me; so I don't really know the process.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this; we are less prone to hate our enemies. truly yours; most hated person in QL.
My comuter is showing me a little yellow update shield and is asking me to install Internet Explorer 8 (I have Windows XP.) I did successfully install IE 7 about a year ago; but am very wary of doing anything new that could create connection problems. Anyone have any experience? Mandi
Would Israel have enjoyed the same support from USA in particular and EU in general as it does now; if; Israelis were not predomuinantly; white population? The same question viz a viz palestinian and arab support.
Does anyone know the procedure for getting a tourist visa for Irleand?? Please ......
Where is MEQ located ? Can anyone provide its telephone number . thanks.
Hi All; Is it illegal to drive a car if its not registered in your name?
Presently I am in Doha on visit visa and I want to travel for a week to Dubai and return back to Doha(Visit Visa Valid till May 5th 2011). As their is a provision of exit reentry to saudi for Umrah. Can I travel Dubai and return back to Doha by stamping the exit reentry
I have an Offer for G5 Job in Qatar Gas. Any one to give Qatar Gas Salary Grades?
one of mi frnd he is looking a visa for qatar.where and how i can get details of tourist visa;business visit visa and also coampany visa;any body have details.? pls get in touch wit me rajiv 3146403
Can anyone tell me a good action movie. only english please.
Is Times of India newspaper available here in Qatar.
Hi!!!! Can anubody give me any shop name where can I buy overhead kitchen cabinet or shelves to fix in my kitchen?
Is it possible to bring alcohol into Qatar? Don;t want to be deported as soon as I arrive!
How to convince my boss for providing NOC as she doesn wants me to go? I have completed 6 years n getting better offer now. moreover present company doesn't have the work. what to do??? please guys give me some ideas how to convince her?
Hi I have 2 years old daughter; when we can start " early learining" ?; is there any book; games which we can start with? anybody can help?
Hello there; Can any one please advise me about a good nursery near Mansoura area. Hilal; Maamora; Abu hamour and Alsadd all will be good. Thanks in advance
I'm looking for stores who is offering Installment Computers Anyone who knows? thanks
i am holding indian driving lisence how can i get driving license in qatar pls help how to go about
Hello everyone Greetings I am planning to rent a flat (fully furnished) from The Wall Real Estate. Any feedback on their services? Would appreciate your replies as it would be basis for my further decision to this end. Thanks
guys please suggest a best summer camp in doha.i have to decide one of these camps for my 4+ years old.
anybody know about tilopia fish came which country? tilopia is good for health?
I am so upset about little creatures; they keep on coming back even if i keep my room clean. But my suspect was this other room which is I think a factory of bed bugs. I want to eliminate these creatures before any serious infections happen. But I don't know where can i find the pest pesticides for this problem; please guide me....
Dear All; Kindly advice where I can make full service for Jeep Cherokee 1993. Thanks in advance
what does the driving test consist of in qatar
Hi all; I am planning to purchase a used bmw; and i just want to get your advices (bmw owners) About the maintenance costs and parts. And do you recommend going for this car? It is a 645ci Thanks
Why do they ask you if you are pregnant when you go for your medical exam for the family visa? If you are; will you be rejected?
As per the profile there are many members who are Qataris. I don't think they are. What could be the reason behind this attitude of hiding their original Nationality?
My profession in my residence permit is "general supervisor";will i get visa on arrival in dubai?
If it is; how many hours? and do you need any visa or I.D.?
hello everybody;i dont want to make it long;just wanna ask you can anyone tell me how and where to get a credit card?please i need it as soon as possible;and i already have my ATM card which is with IBQ; i already asked them they say that my basic salary has to be QR 3750; and mine is only QR 3300;to be honest i gain more; but the basic is only that amount; please let me know????waiting for your help.
Is there any institute conducting IATA courses in Qatar? pls help
I would need about 15 chairs and 2 tables for a small gathering next weekend. Any recommendations. Also a caterer...
My hertiest Wishes to all Qls
can any1 plz tell me who is the best dentist in Doha? I want a high standard and safe clinic; but i don't want to pay more than i have to. any suggestions would be appreciated
Hello I was wondering if anyone knows a good nail salon where I could get infills for my acryllic nails?? Cost is not an issue.....but I would like a place close to Ain Khaled compound. The only salon I know of is at the Intercon which is all the way at West bay :-S pretty far. Thanks!
Anyone know where I might be able to get a Master Brake Cylinder for a 96 Mustang? (Ford no longer make the part). Are there any breakers yards (scrap yards) specialising in Fords? Any inventive mechanics out there who can figure out a compatible part and fit it? Thanks!
Hi everybody. My wife and I both got offers (from different sponsors) to work in Qatar. Now; my wife is a Muslim (her father was a Muslim) and I am not. We made a civil marriage (not in the church) in our country. Is this going to made any problems for us with getting a visa and working in Qatar? Thank you all for your answers.
hi friends i am intending to buy a second handed volvo car of S80;2004 within my range but worried about the maintenance and other expenses which may rise in future that would drain out my pocket.can anyone share their experience of using the same car and also your opinions about that car of second handed type.
My Kid is falling sick frequently for the past 3 months.Whwnever I go to the doctor I receive the same answer "VIRAL FEVER" and nothing to worry about. Is it common for the kids here or should I get her diagnoised (take her back home) completely. BTW; My kid is 3 years old.
hey all; was just looking around this site and have got a small impression qatar is good for business and sports events only (still a little under developed?). Just wondering if there is a certain beach where all the single or young couples hang out with music; bars volleyball and allround fun with good vibes.... J P.S--If not; what does all the 20-30 yrs do at weekends? wheres the fun at?
The Qatar Cultural Village Project?
I hope people share their experience in online shopping. Which items are recommended for online shopping? Also please give some examples of the total cost in both cases (online and in store) Thanks
i purchased an item from ebay and was mailed via royal mail by the seller; and it has already left UK since november 12..do you guys have an idea how long qatar post deliver mail/parcels?especilally those coming internationally..
Curious to know if there are any livein relations here? Is it ok to be in a live in relation at qatar or will that land you in trouble?
i have driving licence but the car i have purchase is on my wife name is there any problem in future can any one tell me pls
i am thinking of buying a mini bus and start a drop and pick up service for individuals i am housewife;;do i need any official papers?sponsor?company name?etc?
how much is the average rent for a one bedroom apartment in duhar?
Hi there I am moving with my wife and son to Doha in January 2013. I would like to ask anyone who knows; how quick or difficult it is to get up and running with mobile phones and also if I speak to our landlords about getting the Internet at our new home or is this done by ourselves? And what do I need to set up for tv channels in Doha? Any advise would be greatly appreciated.
Hi; does anyone know of any sports teams (e.g. football; basketball) for women? Ideally also suited to Muslim women in a private gym somewhere so that I can play in sports gear instead of the abaya! Thanks.
I would like to know eating meat Crab is Halal or Haram?as per the Islamic law
What is this offer of Nokia with Emirates ticket?
I've got a job in Doha and my employer want me to go for CID fingerprint and screening. What is this CID means and what is it for? Can anyone please explain.
what is the to day currency rate for india with qatar riyal?
Hello all; I may be taking a job in Qatar with one of the schools. Where do you go when you land hotel initially or directly to housing? Also are there much activities to do for an 9 year old boy?
i am working for a company since December 2008 ...can i change my job and my sponsor? and if he canceled my visa can i go out side qatar and come back to another company?
I am thinking of buying a Toyota Fortuner 2012. Is it a bad Car because it has not been assembled in Japan and instead it is assembelled in Indonesea? Is it a solid car like all other TOYOTA CARS? If any one has any experience with this car please let me know of your opinion?
I am bored of making home steak and the only steak house i have seen is the one in Villagio. Is there any other resturant where they serve good steak. Has Meat Company opened up in Doha? Chillies; Benigans and Applebees are not an option for good steak.
Hello Everyone! I want to know that do canadians require no objection certificate from their sponsor to do another job as I heard that westerners dont need NOC and just they can change their jobs. Is it true?
hi there; can any one tell me where to buy tally accounting software in Qatar and i also want the support for it who are official partners over here soon reply will be appreciated. thank you for helping me out ...
what is reasonable price for them ? may be acer lenovo or dell which one is good?
If I get a car loan from the bank and after few month if I can't pay the loan for some reason; What will be the bank action??? Reason can be; the company (where I work) doesn't want me to work anymore and I will not have Money to pay back. Pls; If anybody got the idea; can you share it.
Me and my child will visiting Doha for a week next month. We are coming from Dubai and just want to know if we need to take medical exam first before entering Doha? Please let me know asap; i still have time to take medical exam just in case its required. Thanks to all of you..:)
Yesterday I went to Dahl al Hamam to see the place where meteor has landed. It was cool but they have closed the place. Some one was telling me that there are another three locations in qatar where we can see the meteor crators. Anyone of you have any idea or coordinate of the locations. Will appreciate if you can share those.
is there any tamil friends around here
can somebody refer best gynaecology doctor with contact number and location..
hi we are southafrican living in uk and soon to be moving to qatar. my hubby got offered a teaching job with villa accomodation provided. problem is i am completely irked out by creepy crawlies. i read on the forum about the roaches and other pests in qatar accomodation. can anyone tell me if this problem is common in all accomodations; even more expensive ones and apartments?
Asslamoalaikum guys; I want to learn reading Quraan; Please guide me how can I learn. I am searching any institute kind of your help will be appreciated.
I would inform you that I am going to delete my account.. just for your information I prefer that someone will be happy bye for all
what do you think is the best way to do not to feel homesick when i come to qatar? pls give some helpful advice....thanks!
My son just finished college and would like to come to Doha for 6 months and try and get some work experience. Can we sponsor him? We are Uk citizens and Our income is sufficient. Can we do this and where do I go to get the form. I look forward to your feedback.
:P
I've been looking for a therapist in Qatar and no luck. Anyone have any idea if they have one here?
Well i need som honest answers both from gurls and guys about their 1st love.if u loved sombody and already lost it.is it easy 4 u to love sombody else the same way which u used to with ur 1st lover.can u 4get ur first love?or it will always b special 4 u.even if u married to sombody else. remember i am not talking about lust; i am talking about love which is from both sides and have committed to each other
Heller everybody...actually i'm just new user of QL and i'm enjoying sending comments to anyone...anyway i'm looking for a job too; any admin works or receptionist maybe you can advice or help me about it. Thank you.
Dear All I entered in Qatar on 1 month business visit visa and the sponsor transferred it to employment visa. but no medical or finger is done and visa not stamped in passport yet. I want to go back and come in another company. is there any ban if I cancel this employment visa before stamping..Pls help me urgently..please..
My partner has broken the heel on a newish pair of boots she has - anyone recommend or know of somewhere that could repair them? Thanks
I tried the one in souq waqif before but MOFA didn`t accept it. They said it`s not legal.
heelllo! i am new in qatar; can anyone suggest a good pediatrician in the city preferably around hilal; bu hamour;mansoora!!i have the govt hospitals are not very relaible!! thankkss! happy new year everyone and have a healthy year ahead!!
hi friends; where can i find miracle green grass drink in qatar? my friend recommend it to me as he gets healed of his cancer. please thanks in advance friends.
I recently went to TGI Friday's and the waitress informed me that the soup had pork in it! I'm quite shocked by this. Her english wasn't that good so i"m hoping it was all just a miscommunication. does tgif (or any other restaurant) serve pork in qatar?
Dear All; I would like to know where I can find a foldable bed for my maid. Appreciate your help.
Dear frnds.. Iam just married on 11th of march. now i started my third stage of my life... need some advices.. some tips..
My wife is interested in having some singing lessons; so could anyone please tell me where she could find a good teacher? Does anyone know what the "going rate" for singing lessons might be? How much per hour or half hour?
KABAYAN! Where can I sell my qatar rials here in the Philippines? BDO and SM do not not accept qatar rials only saudi rials.
what is the process of sponsorship change from company to husband?i was cancelled by my previous company and go back to my home country;can i come back to Doha as family visit and transfer it to husband sponsorship?is it required to have a NOC from my previous sponsor?
I want her to be assessed for her strengths and weaknesses and I want to know in which areas she can excell. If someone knows the place where I can take her; pl. provide me the name and phone no. or contact person. I'll really appreciate it.
Which Countary will win the Bid for 2022 ?
Has anyone done or been to a birthday at Ray's Reef at Royal Plaza? How much do they charge?? I want to meet them but thought of asking first here. Thanks
help guys! anyone knows the official sony ericsson mobile repair shop? thanks! ;)
if you have just call me thanks mob: 5687132
what i mean by computer shop is not selling computer as a whole. or laptops; (not like jarir or carefour). I want to know where i can get hardware thing like motherboard; Ram; CPU; etc. Please tell me thanks
Can anyone tell me the normal internet connection speed in qatar and how much need to pay? Pls also tell me how much I need to pay for watching Indian channel like (Star plus; sony etc.); and Sports channel (ten sports; espn; start sports; super sports); Bangladesh channel (ATN; ntv; channel I etc)? pls advice.
Hi Qler's Jus need ur advice... KIA soul owners or kia owners is there any problem with the car ? noise ; brake noise; low quality stuff ? please let me know as one of my family member wants to buy this car... Thanks
This question is to all the old QL members. Just answer with a Yes or keep silent and I'll know if you are still around.
I've been looking for a place where i can find decorations for christmas...
Please advise where we can find t-shirt printing shop in Doha.
Hi there We are moving from Abu Dhabi to Doha and we are bringing our maid with us. Does she have to go back to phillipines or can she come with us when we arrive. My husband will get the Qatari visa in November after Eid and then we will immediately apply for the rest of the family. Can we apply for her at the same time and can she come with us when we leave here? Any advice would be appreciated.
hi! i just want to ask first where can i buy Electronic cigarette here? second am i going to pay at the customs if my frend will ship the E-cigarette from my country?
Hey guys does anyone tel me what's the difference between Faithful and Loyal...thanks
Hello there; What is the procedure to exit the country if I am under husband sponsorship? Thank you for all your advices;
HI. Can anyone give me directions(including GPS coords if possible) to the inland sea. I know from sealine then not sure.
Does anyone know if a brother and sister can live together legally. My sister is thinking of coming out here to live; she has the same surname as me as she never married. If it is ok to live together; what are the checks that are carried out? Thanks
I m new comer in Qatar and spent more then 3 month there. I face a problem that i face the problem of "Hair Falling";because of the water of Qatar.So some body tell me how to safe this Problem?Is there any Tonic or Shampoo to which safe the "Hairs Falling"?Plz suggest me.
Can anyone help. Will I need to book a return flight even though I plan on not coming back to Qatar - i.e. will I get stopped at Qatar Airport even though i'll have an exit visa if i have a one way ticket? Thanks
As I will be moving soon; can some one help providing cartons/boxes to pack my goods? Mobile: 5073748
What is/are the most commonly used word/s in QL threads?
Hello QL friends does anyone have any idea which villa compounds have Squash courts?
How is QP as an employer. they say 1st 3 months probation and accomadation given. does it mean individual bachelor accom or sharing accomadation ?
Any chance knows a supplier of vitrified drainage pipes here at Qatar? More than 1800++ meters. Thanks in advance.
any pc gamers in qatar? coz it seems that qatar is running out of them.
I am unable to view pictures in the classifieds anymore. Any ideas? I have done nothing to my computer recently. Very annoying. Pls help. Thx. :)
Hi all; Im a UK Graduate who has been offered a civil engineering job in Doha with a salary of QR.12;000 a month. As far as I can tell this has to cover everything except health care. Is this going to be enough to live with some degree of comfort out there? Also what are rough rental costs; living costs; car hire etc? Many Thanks S
i will move to Qatar on December; my 5yrs old daughter now is studying at Grate 1 in Dubai. So I need to choose a school for her. Any advice is appreciated. Regards
How many of them need the BF also how many need the BF?
With HSBC asking for cash injection and closing of its financing arm in US how safe would the bank be? IT looks the whole banking sector in the world is a mess. I think very soon people will start keeping the money with them rather thn in the banks.
Is there any University in Qatar offering Post BSc -Nursing for Non- Residence?
What is the cost of living for a single and family Accommodation ? Food? Transport? Pls reply.. Thank you
please tell me my degree certificate attestation from qatar foriegn external affairs for my visa change from labour to proffessional.my degree certificate attested by hrd and indian embussy.ICC told we can get attestation in qatar foriegn external affairs.
Hi I am new at Doha and I am looking for a relaxing massage at Doha dont mind if it is home service or center. I am not looking for XX but just a simple massage conducted by lady. Is a serious ad.
I'm looking for a housemaid and have decided to go through an agency as i thought it would be quicker. The relocation company that we've used has suggested that we use Al Wisail Services; EMACO Services or Golden Man. However I can't find any reference to them on QL. Has anybody got any information about these agencies good or bad? Thanks in advance.
Which restaurant do you think is the BEST in Doha?
Who agrees that modern Education system spoils the creativity of students?
hi guys;my daughter was less than 3 month old;and she's in the philippines;can i bring her together with me here in qatar?im sponsored by my husband and resident here;do we need to apply for a visa? or what is the requirements?need a reliable answers;thanks a lot!:)
I am looking for a driving school here in Doha; i am currently accommodated in Al-Saad area. I was informed that Al-Rayya or Al-Rayan driving school is nearby on this area; any comments on this driving school? Someone suggest that i should enroll at Karwa?
Has anyone seen a fly swatter for sale anywhere in Doha? These little pesties are driving us crazy!
Can any one give me the contact number for SAPTCO Bus Stop and its location in Doha. And let me know whether they will provide the visas for Umrah as I am planning to perform Umrah and have to meet one relative in Al Hasa; is it possible that I can get down in Al Hasa and then take taxi or bus to go to Makah ? Thanks. Mohamed 33029916
Calls to the US
Before anyone comments - I know this is a muslim country and certain things are forbidden here. but one of our friends is getting married and we want to play some pranks on him n her. So does anyone know if there is ANY shop in Doha that sells toys for adults or Sex toys?? Just lemme know. Thnx
please let me know the easiest way to reach Doha Zoo from Al Sadd Area. thanks
please i need to know how much should be the salary of the no experienced a female office engineer in for 11 hours????. and how much should be the allowances???. or if the salary is package so; how much should it be?. and what is the better package or with allowances???
Im looking for fresh Aloe-vera for some herbal treatment. Where I could find it?
anyone sad in life of qatar? ithnk every people enjoy and happy their life in qatar. coz qatar is good country than other
can any one inform me about working hours of the philippine embassy i heard they take a break what time is this
what do you think about toyota prado 2010? Any comments? Planning to buy this but still thinking... what do you think? thanks for your advise!
Hi Friends; I want to learn;read and write arabic is there any coaching centre in doha.Plz advice me ...
Hello! I finished the 2 year contract to the company and i still have 6 months pending salary and i intend to change the company but the sponsor don't want to give me NOC.Can i find a new company and they apply Resident Permit for me without the NOC from the previous sponsor?
The ppl who lived in my house before have removed the carpetting from the stairs and hallways and have left the residue; the glue under the carpet; behind. It makes the stairs look very ugly and dirty. I was wondering if anyone knows anything about getting the floor cleaned after the carpet has been removed. Thanks
Hello All; Is Satellite Internet available here? Recommended Providers and Pricing? Apartments where I am at are struggling with abominably slow internet access. Does anyone have experience with Satellite Internet here in Qatar?
I've been searching for henna hand design in QL and i found phone numbers of person who do this but i got no answer; if anybody know about henna hand design would you inform me; thank you.
I've heard so many sad stories about arab women who were just sexually harrassed or even worse by their sponsors!!! Is it true? I was told that the sponsor keeps the passport of single women working for them! is it true? source: my neighbour who was in Dubai for a few months.
Hi I am currently working in Dubai and Planning to move to DOHA as I am getting very good opportunity there. My current dubai resident visa will be valid for the next 6 month. When I will get the Employment Permit /Resident Visa from Qatar can I still keep my Dubai Visa or before I get my Qatar Visa I need to cancel my Dubai Resident Visa. Regards Raj
Decree #19??? or is it a hoax???
recently I went to pay a 500QR traffic violation and was astounded when I joked about a discount; they told me ok 50QR; so I gave them 450QR; they said no pay only 50QR! OMG you can imagine how amazed I was. On the way out; a sudanese clerk told me that it was usual for white expats to get this kind of service. Any other expats; in particular white have experienced this too?
So ; May 29 im out of the hotel ; and my wife is pregnant ; i need a place to stay on a monthly basis ; that has service like cleaning on a daily basis ; any recommendations ? I dont need an expensive hotel ; maybe an apartment ; thats decent ; anyone have experience with such situation?
I got Selected in HMC for A job as Doctor in HMC.I have few questions 1-I heard ;its difficult for Pakistanis to get work Visa 2-How long does the work visa process generally take for Pakistanis 3-I have Green card of USA but i never mentioned it as there was no space provided there in application.Am living in Usa right now.My Address is USA.Will it affect my application for Work Visa Thanks a lot in Advance
Can someone please advise me as to which companies will ship a car to Mumbai India? Any phone numbers ?? What is the approximate cost for shipping a Sedan? Do we have to pay a bribe at the customs in Mumbai?
my house address in India was changed before 4 years;now my passport also going to expire; passport renewing time what i have to do to change address
has anyone checked recently if there is on-going SALE in GAP shops? my colleague told me that he just bought a T-shirt with Collar from GAP Villagio last Friday for 15 (Fifteen) QR each. How true is this? :D
i am currently working as a maid and i want to quit and find a new job outside. Is it possible for me to apply and find a new job in a company?
hi all ql members hope u will help me i really dont know how to resize the picutre to upload as i want to post an add with the picturs but the pictures which i have are having high capacity. need ur help and advise thanx
What is the use of points in Qatar Living and how I get it ???
Is it really raining? when; what time? I just heard thunder storms but when i went out to see if it's raining; sun's still shining..i'm in the industrial area; i asked my friend working in the west bay area; she said there is no rain; only thunderstorms...
Friends; I have heard many received calls from Barwa regarding their flats coming at messaimer and Sailiya. Please could you share more about this.....( if you received a call ) . Anyone has got booked for any flats.
Does anyone have any info about QPM (Qatar Project Management)? Especially their housing policy?
Have a Nice Day; I am Using Windows XP Duplicate Version. I need to reboot my systm. could you pls help for the following 1. how to reboot by correct way ? 2. it has any Risk ? 3. There is any chance for loss of data ? 4. There is any need for Backup ? Thanks in Advance
It's been three months now and no visa available for ladies? How come? They are not hiring or limited visa only? Is there some thing wrong with Immigration?
I see lots of people smoking in cafes; is it allowed.
What is the average Qtel internet speed for the 200 riyal package ? I use one that's been given through my apartment and the speed as I checked a while ago was 0.08 MBPS And its usually this speed allday and just wanted to know if its worth changing
Dear All; Please I want to know that now a days in Saudi Arabia ladies can drive or not. specially If somebody is going for UMRAH.
Hi all; I am looking for web catalog of stores selling furnitures and whitegoods (such as Ikea; best buys etc) with their prices. Am trying to get some feeling of wether it is better to rent furnished or unfurnished. Can anyone point me to such sites. Many thanks SK
Any changing in the sponsorship rules in Qatar
Is there any Schools offer MBA program in Qatar except Qatar university cuse i heared its not accredited? And whats the most respected online MBA degree with resonable fees? Thank u all..
is dec;25 is public holiday ?
Is there a dress code at the Seven Dance club at LaCigale? May I wear denim jeans? Thanks for the info
I was wondering if the Jackass:3D movie will be available at Qatar's cinemas; coz its a super great movie and i really wanna go see it with someone lol... if yes then who wanna go with me ? :P
I like to bring my parent for 1 Or two weeks in Qatar.I tried for tourist visa at airport.but; they rejected.Now; authority advice to book only five star hotel for tourist visa.it is impossible to spend money for five star hotel for me.is it possible anytype (including tourist)of visa;which can bring my parent here?If so; please send form and tell me process. thanks in advance.
hi! can some one let me know how to search in YAHOO?? the matter is I spoke to a friend of mine in Yahoo chat (he is my YAHOO IM contact) and he gave me a number ....but dont see any auto saved records like Google chat .... is it possible to go back and dig into it ?????? pls inform Ranjit 5887821
I was trying to join this group and its more than 48 hours I sent my request. Is this group only for the people who know the managers personally?
Curious to know if anyone has any further updates on this.......the official site says - 8th Jan -Doha...but nothing more.... ...any idea if this is confirmed...and when will they start issuing the tickets etc etc etc etc.. TIA.
Bagels are extremely popular in North America but the only bagels I found here in City Center food court are NOT bagels at all. They look like Bagels but taste is very poor Any REAL Bagels here?
hey guys; do you have any idea where someone can go learn Italian in Qatar ?
I have received an offer that includes education allowance; but limited up to high school. Is this the usual offer? Have any of you heard anything about college allowance? In principle; I do not see a problem since it is education of the employee children. Please comment. I will appreciate very much to hear on a similar situation... Thanks.
I just want to know is there any short courses to learn arabic o any arabic lesson? because I want to learn arabic..
Hello Qlers ;my brother is looking for a safety shoes. Any suggestion where to buy/department stores on sale ( please not expensive).Thanks
Usually I am not home in Thursday night and now I am home. I would like to cry in DOHA but didn't and came back to my room. Can I cry like that?
if anyone have a case in police or in CIED; Qatar; he cant go for his vacation and he cant exit from qatar. How can we resolve this issue? pls advice
I want to use it for a face pack so I want to know in which store it is available.
My husband has been offered a job with a package of 14;000 QAR per month. Can someone suggest if this is a decent salary for a couple. Also; I will living there on my husband's sponsored Visa. I have a work ex of 4+ years in the banking industry in India. How easy or difficult will it be to find a job there?
my friend bought me airline ticket (etihad airways) from a travel agency (in the Philippines)using her credit card; i believe there are airline policies that needed to present the actual card or be accompanied by the card holder upon check in. im just not sure if that policy only applies for online direct booking/purchasing?
Can anyone recommend a legal translation services (Arabic to English) that are reliable and reasonably priced ? Many thanks SK
2 Questions: 1. What is the current quality of internet in Doha? Is it fast enough compared to other Western countries? Can you livestream videos fast enough? 2. Are there any satellite broadcasts which show Australian sport? I'm wanting to watch the NRL which airs every week when I head there next year. Usually on Fox Sports and Channel 9. Thanks.
those that have been my friend and those that thought they could be..But after what I have just been through I would really like to thank those that Really Stuck around when needed most. They Know who they are and they are the ones that matter..... This will be my last and final post and those that know me will know how to get in contact.......Mis Cat OUT!!!!!
hi; i heard that there is a kahrama branch that's open 7days a week; i need to change my account and the main office shuts at 2.30pm i live in umm ghalina; is there a kahrama office that i can use thanks
Is socialising in qatar (Doha) happening? If yes then can your friends network get bigger?? If that was the case I need to know ppl and get some good ppl to hang out.
Please any body can tell me that;below 5 years old boy can sit at front seat of car or any penalty thanks
is it possible for me to enter doha airport with out a ticket to help out them to manage the baggage and other formalities?
I would like to ask my dear friends about a hotel that offers a playing area for kids to play while we are having our iftar today ??? thanx
I want to buy new car .But my budget is 45000 QR. Can you please help me find good car within this limit? Small or big no problem. Thanks
Hi... I have Qatar Driving License and now I want to change it to the International Diving Licence.. How can I do that ?
I have seen different kinds of cooking oils here in Doha. Corn oil; vegetable oil; coconut oil to name a few. What are the differences? Which one is healthier?
my baby born in qatar ;7 days old has got one year visit visa as my wife and myself both r on different sponsorship. My query is that now i want to go to india and comebck within a month. So if v live the country and comeback will there b any problem for my baby to re enter qatar as his visa is one year visit visa {as per rule they issued visit bcoz mother is not on hubands sponsorship}
i am new in qatar;i would like to study arabic; what i have to do for that?
We are planning to go to Fuwayrit City soon. anybody can sketch me how to reach there. Thanks in advance.
I am looking for studio or one bedroom apartment. Doesn't have be to high class execuitve but yes decent enough for a single female in a safe area. Can anyone please suggest what would be approx rent for furnished and unfurnished. Also which area is closest to Qatar Airways building? Thank you
hi friends... A new dialouge box with this message seems to appear from today morning in my laptop;and its not going even if i close it. can anyone suggest me a solution?
Can I bring my wife and child for some months visit without getting papers from our company;please reply anybody ;because my company not giving permision
i want to know how much will it cost me to move to us and settle there?
I am eager to come Qatar as best employee. Also i have applied a lot since 2009. Please tell me the way tofind the best Mechanical Designer Post.
I just want to ask is it possible that a car without power steering will be converted to a power steering?thank you
I am a single male and have a 1 bedroom apartment and am looking to get a pet. I was thinking a kitten. Does anyone have kittens they are giving away?
I know aramex can get it done through the embassy in dubai.. is there any other option? and what other documents would i need?
Aside from The Pearl Lounge; and The Qube; are there any outlets here in Doha for House music? (Or any kind of electronic dance music?) House music has always seemed to bring together the international community... I've been watching some video from the Sensation Wicked Wonderland tour - looks amazing - and gives me that itch for a cool house music venue.. Celebrate life! -R
Hi; Im new to the QL and this will be my 1st topic in forums.hope you guys can help me out here.. If anyone know a person who teaches photography for free in here;Qatar;please mention here their contact details please. I would like to learn photography and I live near kahra-maa head office thanks.
Good Day; My wife having visit visa now. What is the procedure to have delivery here in Hamad or Al Ahli hospitals. What are the charges and what is the procedure for it. She is visiting to private doctors now a days.Did all tests and all clear.
What is the literal translation of "Mashallah"? P.S. No; I have no arabic speakers in my building!
Dear all; I have obtained my driving licence in Dubai; will it be valid in qatar or will I have to repass it ? Thank you in advance
I got interested in Qatar living after seeing the anti Qatar living page on facebook. They seem as bad as the people they are complaining about! So a big hello to all
any advise on what to use; what to put on for scars from having chicken pox... :( any advise will be highly appreciated....:)
Just Wondering.. Haven't Attended a Mass for a while..
Hello everyone. I just finished my high school and am free for a while so am looking for a part time job. Can any body tell me where i can find suitable part time job for summer? I don't want to waste my holidays i want to utilize it with doing something. So please can anyone help where can fresh comers( just out of high school) can apply? Thanks
Hello all; Anyone have any idea if an American driver's license (Texas) can be applied towards getting a Qatari driver's license? I really don't want to have to mess with driving school. Thanks! Oil
Hi Does anyone know what system the televisions are on in Qatar? Thinking of bringing ours over but not sure on which PAL it runs in Qatar and if we'd be able to use it. Similarly has anyone from the UK tried to use a sky digital box there? Trying to decide what we need to get rid off! Thanks Songogga
hai can any one tell how many shops r there to buy dive equipment and which shop is the best.
i got a OEC issued in 2009 from Riyadh; KSA. Can I still use this to get a new OEC here in Doha-POLO office? I'll travel in a few days. TIA
Can anyone tell me where we can conduct meeting other than hotels.
Hi; I want to buy Pre-owned/used Land Cruiser 2009/2010 model. I have already visited Toyota certified pre-owned cars; Qatar Living; Qatarsales; Oasis; etc. but still confused among them. I have noticed Toyota certified cars are cheaper than any other used car showroom but their cars are under sun; therefore; don't feel comfortable with this fact. Can anyone suggest; where should I buy used Land Cruiser?
i was just in Dubai; and did not have any success using skype on my computer to call home. I will be in Doha for the next couple of weeks. Any info would be greatly appreciated.
i am due to deliver soon; and my insurrance coverage does not cover delivery or anything related to maternity. does anyone have any information on the cost i am going to encounter?
hi guys;my father is under my sponsorship for 6 months family visit visa and now he will go back to philippines;do i need to get him a exit permit from immigration?thanks!:)
How much does a visit visa to Dubai cost; and whats the procedure? Is it visa on arrival for Qatar residency visa holders?
i will be soon travelling to qatar on a visit visa. is it necessary to have a return ticket with me or will a one-way be fine?
What is your point of view about ESP? If you have a good ESP; let's try it online with me.
Where can I purchase laptop in Doha? I want to purchase HP or Dell make laptop.
Hi All; Does anyone know if the new Jarir Bookstore is open yet ? Thanks; Dem.
best friends = husband + wife :P
How many of us are using Virgin Mobile ? and how is it ??
Hi; do you know where can i find a service center for HTC mobiles because my earphone is damaged ?
If a person is not provided a NOC from his present employer in Qatar and he has resigned;after the cancellation of RP; can he come here on business Visa to work for every 3 months and returns to extend or renew the business visa.What can be the complications? Will he be able to get accommodation ; car if he holds the driving license.
Can I know the location of clinic of Dr. Mariam Salman; she is a radiologist. I also want the contact no. and timing of her clinic. This is urgent.
I was browsing forums ;as well as FB and QL where I saw alot of peoble who is trying to sell Qatari Riyals with some unique numbers is that real ? is thier a market for this after selling parking places in city centre :0 is that legal to sell banknotes for higher value ??
Please tell how to convert visit visa for wife to family visa. what are the documents required? Tell me the entire proecess. Thanks.
A lot of questions have been asked regarding YOGA in qatar. I am looking out for really good Yoga Classes. Has anybody any experience with yoga classea?? I am planning to take up a few sessions but have not yet got a good feedback. Can someone help me out in making the right decision. I am lukin @ answers from people who have actually attend the sessions. Thanks all
hi; I am based out of India and my hubby is working in DOha.Would like to send him valentine's gift. But I am not getting any online shop which can help me to deliver gift in Doha. Can anyone of you help me by sending any related weblink/url; and allow me online shopping in qatar?
I am planning to get a driving license but i am not sure which driving school i should go. Any suggestions?
I am wondering if the prices in Doha are higher than in the UK. Can there be good deals on sale like lets say jeans for 60-100 QR? Just want to get an idea. Thanks
Hi; Does anyone know where we are supposed to go for the medical exam that is needed to change the visa from visit to resident? Can you also inform me how long this exam takes and what forms/papers I'm supposed to bring to the exam. Thanks.
Dears; I am looking for a Brand New Vehicle; Sedan Car; SUV or 4X4 within price of Qatari Riyal. 100;000. This is my maximum limit. FYI; I need to travel almost 200km every day so need to keep this in mind as well for maintenance and end of the day resale. Appreciate your valuable advice.
Where casn I find economical safety shoes ? whats their cost in general ?? Thanks;
Anyone who can teach drawing/oil painting? I need a teacher.... Please PM me; giving me your contact details Thanks
Can anyone please help me - I have been offered a total all inclusive monthly salary of QR 25000 per month with aingle status visa. For medical facilities Government health card will be provided. My present salary in India is Rs12.93 lacs per annum.The contract does not specify any minimum or maximum time period. Can anybody guide me whether I should accept this offer if I have to bring my wife and one school going kid ?
please help me how to eliminate this unwanted smell that's going out of my car a/c aside from having an air freshener?
Does anyone know a place that sells xxxl or xxxxl for men..I need to buy a present..
Dear friends; can you tell me that how can stainless steel items can be prevented from burning during cooking on Gas oven. One by one; such items are getting black burning marks while cooking on Gas/fire Oven. . URGENT response required especially from HOUSE WIVES
I'm new here. I am currently employed as Executive Secretary for almost 3 year in LPG Industry here in the Philippines and my past experiences is events management and customer service job. I have a job offer of 550 USD Basic + 80 USD free accommodation and transportation. I am a first timer. My question is; Is this enough? the job is admin/secretary in Doha; Qatar.
hi everyone.. im just new here in doha and looking for a place to relax and have fun..can anyone tell me places to go..?...
Hi Friends; Does any one knw the entry fee for Doha Zoo?. Is it worth to see?. I am glad to hear some siteseeing options in doha; coz my friend is visiting here for a short period tour. Kind Regards Naz
Where can I buy color changing mugs? The ones that changes color when you put hot or cold water in.
are pets allowed in the corniche for a walk
Does anyone know where to get a Pull Up Bar(The kind of thing which you put in doorways to do pull-ups).I need it soon. Or is anyone selling one??
Hi; I've just received an offer for an expat job in Doha; some 120.000$ and I'm wondering if there is an Italian comunity there Diego
and regreted it - or even felt good afterwards .. I was intrigued by the actions of a pizza delivery guy who was so ticked off after a customer didn't give him a tip that he urinated on her front door. So; any stories to share ?
Goodevening all; where can I find a good colored Printer supports [ A3+ A4] SIZE ? how much is the price for those printers ?? thanx alot
my budget is QR 250-300 and we are 2 of us! kindly suggest!!! regards; JH!
im extremely hungry ; dont feel like going out anywhere; what should i eat?
There are lots of people selling electronic cigarettes on qatar living ; but most of these are from china ; and not from the states so im not sure if they are safe ..anyone have tried them or have feedback? Are normal cigarettes safer than smoking these electronic cigarettes
one of my friend lost his costly mobiles yesterday nite @ around 10 PM (two mobiles; HTC HD2 and Sony Ericsson M600i) in karwa taxi while travelling back from ramada to matar qadeem. whether it should be reported to police or we can approach karwa office ? what will be feasible.. ? suggestions please...
hi can any one tell me where i get vosa fone mobile sim in qatar with thanks
I met captain last Sunday for my wife resident visa. After 2 minutes queries; he said ok check after 2 days. It's been 5 days since i met the committee..as of now; no update. System still shows 'application rejected'. Anyone who has faced the same problem? please advise.
Hi; I am from India. I just want to become a member in any of the indian associations like indian ladies association; telugu asociation; etc. Does anybody know whom to contact or anybody an existing member of associations like this.
where is palm island?
please help me in finding wether a medical test is required or not for a one month visit visa person;(as a rule).
Hey i 'm new to Qatar;i just need QL users point of view about some nice entertainment taking place in Qatar.Your good suggestions please. ;)
...then how will we know the genuine? Are there already public notifications?
I have some problem in speaking loudly from one month; so please suggest me a good Doctor to dignose it. Thanks in advance
Hello; I am looking for a Quran teacher for my two children. We are closer to Al Arabi sports club in New Salata. Thanks
hi al ql i am in family visit visa under my husbun sponsor ship.i have new brone baby in 2 weeks she brone in qatar.afther i get baby passport what hapen she can get rp under father name or need exit doha
I'm looking for a pet for my family; but i would like small dog or a puppy small race. Might anybody have one or know who has one available; please reply or send sms to mobile 3214571; i'll call back.
Guys; My bro will be visiting Qatar next week. Can you guys suggest some places for visiting in 2 weeks. I want him to enjoy a lot. Thanx guys !!
Morning people. Is there any mobile shop here in Qatar who accepts mobile swapping or upgrading? Thanks
Has your daughter/son put you as a friend in her/his Facebook list of friends.. Not out of force for you to keep an eye; but out of her/his own will....
Is there any scrap yard of cars in Doha; from where one can get spare parts of cars.
Hey guys n gals out der im new 2dis place..and i heard dat one should b very careful while takin ur luv out 4a ride or even wen ur alone out..dey say its serious checking going around here is it...??
Hi All; I have been offered a job by HBK Contrating as Civil Engineer. I am from India; presently working in UAE. I would be greatful if any of you advice me about the company? Work culture ? Cost of living; Schooling for my child. Family Visa. All suggetion are welcome Thanks in advance.
I have a personal Post Box in Doha Q-Post. Can I give that Box No. for online shopping? What happens if the stuff I buy doesn't fit inside the small box they have given me?
Hi all; I am currently in the UK but moving to Qatar in August. I am currently with Vodafone and have an iPhone that is locked to Vodafone. (I am able to jailbreak the phone if necessary!) My question is: QTEL or Vodafone?
One of my friend wants to do check up for STDs (diseases - HIV; hepatitis etc.); is there any means to do it confidentially in Qatar. Please give contact.
Can any one advise me what is NOC ; is it an NOC stamp in a job offer from the current company to a new company or is there any NOC to come back in any days after exiting the country. Pls advise...
Dear All; I have read in different posts through the internet that NDIA is offereing 50;000 vacancies .Though any one have an idea where to apply or If any one would advice me about and recruitment company in QATAR.My major is International Business Administration . with almost 2 Years expereince . Thanks
Is their any Shop/Mole in Doha where i can buy an XBOX360 Modded or flashed so i can play backuped/Burned/Downloaded XBOX360 Games? Price must be less than 1000.
I have tried to ask membership from the modulator but he never replied nor approved the request...I was just wondering are there any qualifications or other members should invite you first?
Since Christmas is fast approaching; for those that celebrate it; how do you bring the Christmas spirit here to Doha being so far away from friends and family? What sort of celebrations do you do here? Am looking to curb some of the homesickness being so far away during the holidays and bring a little Christmas spirit to my home away from home.
hello; how are you; my name is...then what?
I was planning to dispose my Toyota Land Cruiser 2004 GX automatic gear due to a possible change with the latest model. What is the best way to do it; selling it thru a direct buyer or have it Trade-IN in toyota itslef....
I got a job offer which will fetch me around 8000 riyals.will it be enough to support my family consisting of my wife and child(small infant).Please let me know as i have little time to decide.
Just came to Qatar last month. Not sure how to go about going to a dr.? Think I have UTI and need antibiotics; do I just go to any hospital? at any time? Do 'i need to call ahead?? are the hospitals posted on this website? Sorry; just signed up here and not sure how to use.... Please help!!!
Hi; I have accepted offer to work in Qatar as a civil engineer; but the company told me not to hand my notice in until get the Client Approval. I have not come across this client approval before. I would appreciate your advice and any idea how long this approval will take and is it easy to get this approval? Thanks for your help in advance. Mego
hi; I have been visiting this forum for a while and signed up as a member today.I hope I learn substantially from the other members during my stay here and can contribute and take part in discussions. regards ;
From where can i buy protein for weight training? if anybody knew please let me know! Thanks!
Can anybody pls advice me the performance of Jeep Cherokee on Qatar dunes as a 4x4 vehicle. I'm referring to 1995 - 1997 model. which comes with 4lt engine. my budget is low and what i can see this model goes around 15K - 20K. pls advice.
I have got this new phone Samsung Omnia Pro B7320. I put on the Q Tel Sim card and then i recieved a message from Qtel that read: " Sorry; your phone is not capable of accepting settings at this time." And coz of this i am unable to access Wifi ...and other services like MMS and etc etc Can someone tell me what needs to be done..
I am soon going to buy a car for myself and i liked 2 cars 1) Toyata Prado 2008 2) Honda CRV 2008 so can you suggest me which one is better? Thanks :)
Hello there. Would anyone advise on the salary range for nursery school teachers here in Doha? Thank you
Hello I want to buy some indoor plants. Please tell me some good and reasonably priced plant nurseries. I read some old threads on qatar living; many people have mentioned about some nursery on dukhan road near Shahaniya r/a. But all threads are very old. Can anybody share latest information about the shop such as location/ timing/ phone no? Regards; Naveen
Hi QLers; Just a quick question; does somebody here knows the location or contact details of Al Sadd Tower? I tried to google it; but no luck... pheeww! :( Thanks in advance :)
Does anybody know where we can register our complain regarding the Contaminated water? I have few sealed bottles of branded mineral water with black particles.
Do you engoying in Qatar ?
Does anybody in Doha know where I can buy an OHP?
Hey guys i need some help! I was working in qatar for almost 2yrs. and my visa was cancelled due to an emergency vacation..Is it true that the ban for Qatar this year was only for 6months?? if not; how can i go back there?? help me naman poh please mga kabayan jan na nagwowork sa Qatar if my idea kayo about this situation.. Thanks a lot poh.
does anyone know of a location here in Doha that does acrylic or gels nails and tips?
Does any one knows if there is any water park in Doha?
they canceled my working visa last may 2010; and i return to my home country. is it true that i will have to wait for two years or exactly 2years for they can give me working permit or they to finger print me?
Dear All; Please advice me.. I am working in a private company and I want to invest to another company (newly forming). Is it legally possible to invest to another party to being under my present employer's sponsorship? Thanks Shan
i have mediacom karaoke player ; and i am searching for arabic dvd / cd to buy can anyone help ?
I used my pc elsewhere; They just changed the IP adress to automatic so i can use it. when i came back home i couldn't log in to any websites anymore... my internet connection shows "Access: local only" I tried restarting... to no avail. PLease; Any suggestions?
Hello; how much are the green taxis should one be able to get one and how much are the taxis without meter? Do I need to haggle about the price and what would be a good price for a distance of say 6-7km within Doha; and what would be a good price for a half-day trip if this is possible at all? Thanks.
hi guys urgent please Where can i found HTC Droid DNA phone in qatar ?? thanks in advance
Aslamoalikum; what is the best VOIP option that you will recommend for calls to Pakistan?
Can I get a visit visa for my mother in law who is an American citizen that is 75 years old?
I register my CV with Monster Gulf and Naukari. Subsequently I got a call from these sites; they will forward my CV to recruitment agencies n they will charge $200 for such services. Is it worth; has anyone got job like this.
its ture ?
Hi all; need your help here.. Does anybody know how to convert a .cda to .mp3? I've been trying to transfer some music on to my phone with cda extension name but i guess the phone does not recognize that file type so i need to find a way to convert it into an mp3 file. Thanks in advance..
Hi; we are just new here in Qatar... Wer is Landmark located?
If you were granted a free lifetime supply of 1 thing. What would it be ?
hi guys! my 11 year old kids just got diagnosed with ADHD by a developmental / behavioural pediatrician in my home country. We'll soon land in Doha and im not so sure which doctor to go to for follow ups. I was told that if a devt pediatrician isnt available the closest one i can go to is a psychiatric doctor. any idea? thanks
i saw a lot of car having navigation system in it were to buy one.......and should i pay monthly for connection or is it free after i buy one???? answers appricitaed
I just plan to buy a brand new mobile. i just want a good suggestion and tooo other than that.
HI; goodmorning Can any one tell me where i can find Arabic Gowns in cheaper rate.
Hi Friends; We are in India at present...I hav observed that my son's visa expires on 4th Nov; but I hav booked my ticket on 26th Nov...so; wat do I do now??? do I need to come back to Qatar before 4th Nov or is there any alternative that I can extend visa staying in India n by sending his passport...pls reply to this ASAP with relevant answers... thanks in advance...
Hello all; We are in the process of relocating to Doha. I will be issued a work permit that will allow my wife and kid to be resident too. But can my wife get a job using this permit? Or will she will be able to get a work permit easily once in country and able to secure another job? Pls help as this is very important to us. It might determine if my wife will agree to leave her current job in the UK or not. Thanks
I live in an apartment complex and up until today I was borrowing internet from one of my neighbors. The internet stopped working and I tried to reconnect; but they put a password on it. Any ideas on how I could obtain this password to keep borrowing their internet?
Indian male 33;graduate in Physics 9 years of gulf experince in Occupational Health and Safety Looking a respectable job with the same filed or Interested do as a patnership or individual with reasonable (working or investment) in any decent business at Qatar. interested and honest people.pls do contact. Rajiv a tharakan mob.3146403 email:rajivtharakan/-a-t-/gmail.com
Does anyone know a speach therapist in Doha? my 4 years daughter lisp a bit when she talks and i would like to correct it.
Please let me know the shops/supermarkets which sell miswak (preferably of 'neem' tree).
Hello Everybuddy; I'm new to Doha and I'm looking to find a social badminton club. Went through some of the threads in Qatar Living on "social badminton club". Most threads on this topic dated or does not have clear info on where these clubs are and how to join them. Can anyone please guide me and point me in the right direction?? Thanks Badminton Enthusiast - Anup
I got call from Qatar Airways for Secretary Interview.. Please any one advice me; what is the question they will ask ??
I need to buy a laptop for my kid. I am considering to buy a netbook since it is cheaper. It will be used for MS office (word; excel; powerpoint; access etc); checking encarta and playing games on internet (facebook games; roblox etc). Is a netbook ok for this activity or do I need to buy a more expensive notebook. Any advise is appreciated.
Salaam Everyone! I just joined this site few minutes ago! Still confused as to how this site works... Does everyone here know each other or should we go through a brief introduction here to share with everyone? Please advise!
I heard that people who lives illegally in this country; they have to leave before 28 th of this month or they ll get jail for 2 years is that true or not
Hey Guys; this is for one of my friend who is locally hired in Doha. I need help to know that is there a way to work in a company by providing an letter from the sponser that he can work in any company without changing his sponsership or visa transfer. As his contract says that either from both sides the employment can be terminated in 3 days during probation. Then what can be his Job security after visa is transfered ? Thanx in Adv.
how to report my boss; he is offering me indecent proposal. I told him many times that i have already a bf here. I'm afraid he might terminate me from my work. Please help.
How many Indian vegetarian restaurents are there. What does a meal cost?
Hi; Anyone knows what happened to the Beijing Restaurant near Ramada? I went there and the place has been demolished. Did they moved or simply closed down? Thank you.
We are an English speaking family planning to bring a maid from Indonesia who cannot communicate at all in English. Please guide me how i could train her to speak English; since she will be taking care of my kids.
which school is better DMIS or Birla which one offers islamic studies??
I was told by an AlKhor resident that there has been a spate of thefts at Alkor lately and the number os incidents is as high as 40 incidents in last week alone. I was also told that this is not being reported to avoid panic among residents. I have been planning to rent a villa at Alkhor and hence; this news is very important for me. I woulod appreciate to receive any confirmations/experiences etc.
Hey guys...Can any1 please temme if der is any Bollywood dance clases in Qatar??
Hello; Does anyone have any good suggestions for fun things to do as an American here in Qatar? Most of us only have a Few hours on the evening to go have fun. Usally we enjoy just looking at the women;and the shops; but everyone seems too afraid to speak to us.
Hi I'm considering moving to Doha and have been vegan for 4 years. I'm wondering how difficult it is to find vegan food products - things like soy milk; tofu; nutritional yeast... Any vegans in Doha have any insight? Thanks!
Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar.
I need to know how Doha looks like; I'm a foreigner coming to Doha by this month ending. I have heard so much interesting things about that wonderland and I am coming to see things for my self. Also; I need a job as soon as possible. What are my chances and duration. Can $700 carry me in Doha for the main time pending when I get a job. Please advise with a sense of humor. Thanks Eddy
i just logged in to QL now; i can see the whole new format in the home page(layout is changed).. Also written that there is a downtime till friday. Does anyone experienced it? (hope this time its much better)
I like to read manga(in English) and watch anime but i don't like doing it online and would rather buy it. Do they sell it anywhere in Qatar? What are the shops names? The Saqr and Virgin Stores sell a very limited amount of Anime and no manga at all( i did find one manga but it was in french) Thanks.
Hi; I will be travelling to Qatar in the first quarter of 2009. I heard that Gold and other electronics goods are cheaper in Qatar when compared to other countries. Could you suggest me the things which are cheap in Qatar and reasonably high in India. I also heard that Gold is one among them. Can someone give me some pointers on What can be purchased in Qatar.
After the hard fought gains of the revolution it seems the prize of the Egyptians might be for them to mirror events in Pakistan. An army that is always involved in the politics; corruption from all sides and frequently changing governments. No country can prosper and move forward without stability and with the army interfering once more in politics does the next decade for Egypt look like the last decade for Pakistan?
It looks like we might be headed to Doha with my 11 year-old son with Down Syndrome; and we've been scouring the Internet for schools. We are looking for recommendations from anyone who has first-hand knowledge of special ed for an 11 year-old; or can refer us to someone or an organization with any information. Also; does anyone know of a Down Syndrome Support Group? Many thanks! Sam
Health Ministry closed it. Anyone knows why?
Hi everyone; 1.Can someone please give me driving directions to the Dakhira Nature Reserve. 2.Is it the same as the Ostrich Nature Reserve? Thanks!
Does anyone know where you can buy the World Cup subscription card from?
Trying to find out if a particular medicine is available over the counter. Is there a website which lists the medicines available here?
hey guy swould it be EID tommorow or day after tommorow whats ur guess??
Anyone knows how can I contact a good home service massage here in Doha?.... preferably male...... this is a plain and straight massage only.... how much if ever?
Hello everybody; I will come to work in Qatar for 1 year next month. I got a visit visa - one entry for one month and my company will renew it every month. So my question is: Can I buy a used car instead of renting? Thank you in advance
Hi Everyone! My name is Dima and I'm studying for my Masters in London. I am in Doha on a short break; to conduct some research on the popularity of the Turkish soap operas in the Arab world. I am interested in talking/emailing any of the ladies who watch the shows. If you are interested in taking part in my study. Please let me know. Kind Regards; D
wer can i get Pakistan jersey and flag; to support my team for the hockey match with Dutch (Netherland) team thnx in advance
I would like to buy a nokia phone. I need camera 5 mega pixel and other facilities. Any one can advise me which one is better? And where i can get the original one?
how can i get the pin for matrash for the application in iphone or galaxy s3
How mouch milege will get for Toyota camry 2002 model?
Please do suggest some shops ; where I can purchase wooden blinds for windows ;unique collections. The other day ; I saw few in Homes r us... But I would prefer better quality and varieties... What would be the approximate cost...
hi me and my family planning umra by road with my friends family in my car insha AllAH.someone told me that it is not allowed in saudi to travel with another family.in one car only one family;; is it true..? thanks
I'm looking for a hardware store in Doha. Just a place where I can find wood; nails; and bits of hardware. I live near Education City but I don't care where it is. I will drive wherever to get to a hardware store.
please could anyone answer my son in not present in qatar at the moment but we have his passport to renew his rp at the moment he is in the uk for studying he will fly bk within 6months his rp expires in november can we renew it even though he is not in qatar at present thanks for advice in advance
My wife is working here in a company for the last 3 yrs. and I have one baby boy. Now due to some problems ; she is resigning. My baby is having valid VISA till; 2014. and he is under my sponsorship.Is there any problem for my babys visa;if she is making the exit together with my baby for a short period.
Does anyone know best place to get cleaned. I am wanting to have carpets and seats steam cleaned aswell. Not sure where to go . Can anyone help? Thanks
Where can I buy duck egg?
if you were asked about that one thing that you want to change in the society you are living; what will you say? I know we are all from different countries; but are tied by a single thread 'residents of Qatar'. And one go to make a point; legitimate one; whe you see something wrong. So; what is that one thing you want to change in Qatar?
I just got my PhD from the University of Toronto; in structure Engineering. I am going to Doha next Month to join my husband there. Does anyone know how hard it would be for me to find a job there? Thank you!
I need to take my 5 mnth old kitten for her 2nd vaccination ; can anyone else tell me where the goverment doha vet center is? .do they also do spaying?.Thanks. Regards; Njz
Hey! My mum is coming to stay and I want to take her somewhere they have a really nice spa with good treatments and good/friendly staff? Somewhere in West Bay area; close to city centre if possible. Want to know other people's experiences/reccomendations please! Thanks in advance!
My wife is 38 weeks pregnent and has been going to hamad Hospital since last 3 months.In hamad hospital doctors recommend an ultrasound after every 2 weeks.Can any one tell me that is it harmful for the baby? In India generally doctors do not prefer this much frequent ultrasound checkups.Please suggest and share your experience.
Hi Guys; does anyone know the location of doha summer fun park please. thanks. Nishant
Which is better ; im trying to pick one?
I have been receiving private messages in this site but i dont know how to open and read it; I can only read the word "hi" but where is the message? How can I read it?
I've priced Cigalle and Ramada. Can anyone tell me where else offers health club facilities (pool essential) in central Doha (i.e. not West Bay etc.!) Thanks.
Is there really wifi at the corniche? Is this true? Can anyone access it and how? Been waiting for home broadband for two months so might as well see where we can access it!
Not sure where to post this really; but....... my mac notebook allowed the DVD region to be changed region wise 5 times and is now stuck/fixed on region one which is no good. Does anyone know what I can do to switch it to region 2?? Thanks
Do any of you use a GPS to get around in Qatar? If so; does it help or hurt more? I was thinking of uploading the Garmin Middle East map but one person told me it's irrelevant since streets are re-routed there often. Just thought a navigator would make getting around a little easier when we first start driving but I don't want to blow $120 on something useless either.
Hi; can anyone tell me how much is the registration/membership fee in ASPIRE? Do they offer ballgames for women such as Volley Ball? pls.... I need to lose weight.. :(
Hi; I would like to know your opinions on the best bank in Qatar to open their salary transfer accounts in (current acc)? which would have perks like credit card or personal loans easy payment procedures n low interest rates. thanks in advance.
My 8-yr. old son went up to me and asked "Mom; do you know Israel?" I said yes and asked him why'd you ask... He answered and said "My classmate said that Israel kills the babies in Lebanon." As a parent; how will you handle this? I know Israel is a big and delicate issue in Middle East...
How does somebody go about studying an ACCA qualification in Qatar. I'm an ACCA registered student but have recently moved here from London. Are there any tuition providers based in Doha and what do they charge per examination? Any info would be greatly appreciated. Thanks
I promise to hold your hand as we walk; and to say I love you whenever we talk.. Your love is something I can't forget; coz With you everything seems perfect.. I wonder if you can hear my heart say; that I'll always love you come what may.. I don't know what's written by destiny; But I just want you to stay close to me..!
i just want to know your opinion
Hi; Anybody knows when Qtel will roll out the update for Ice cream Sandwich on Galaxy S2
I don't have enough free time to warrant buying an expensive yearly membership; but on my day off I would like to relax by a pool.
Hi is there a place in souq waqif that serves alcohol ? and if so do ya'll know the rates ?
Hi; where can i find kouros perfume in Doha please.
i'd like to start assembling a new desktop PC. but i don't wanna start ordering pieces online and find out later that they are already available here for almost same prise. any advise on where do i check first.?
tell me the frequency
I have brand new Car in my name; now i plan to buy one more used car of my name. is must need company letter for car transfer to my name?
What are the procedures to buy a car from UAE and bring it over here to register it in Qatar if possible? is it a big headach? What I should pay as costumes or anything else? thanks in advance.
Where is Black (Cumin) Seed oil available and how much? It has many medical advantages. Once Prophet Muhammed (S) Said : "Black cumin oil can cure any disease except death" No offense. Just want to know where it is available.
I asked it in the "questions"; it looks like drinking people don't look into this section.. so.. is QDC open this week?
where can I find locksmiths to duplicate my keys ?
Hello can anyone tell me who is the developer of this website??i have to ask him some stuff?thanks
Hi any idea; how much a brand new 1st end car will cost me and if i am taking a loan; how much i have to pay per month to the bank? m planning 2 buy either Honda CRV or Nissan Murano.
Hi Guys; I was wondering what time Eid-Al-Adha prayers will be on Monday and where these prayers will be held? Thanks; Aizaz
Dears; Any Idea; where can I get bulk photocopy done; economically (say 500 pages). Would appreciate if rates are also known; Thanks!!!!
I heard there is rule in Qatar one person cannot drive the car of other person ( other than his sponsor). is it true? pls let me know thanks in advance
I want to treat my husband for his bday at a romantic hotel ; which do you think of the hotels offers the best romantic scene ; room wise ; restraunt wise.. Price is not an issue. Im thinking W? Or ritz carlton? or four seasons?
I have this question that what is the lining of sausages exactly made up of? I heard that it is of small intestine. Pls help....
I came in Qatar 2 months back on work permit sponsored by the company; I did not get my Qatar Id card as yet and i want to go back to my country for 2 weeks Is there any way that I could get exit with out ID? If yes; please tell me the process and fees for that I shall be really thankful
I am searching Snakes called Kurkure from long time but till now did not get any shop.Please let me know any shopping mall or shop where i can ger Kurkure???
I need a washing machine repaired. Any one know a front door washing machine repair contact?
hello friends ; I want to ask that i am waiting offer from Qatar for paint inspector and sales support job in Qatar. They will give me apartments and car.I have 6 year experience and certificate for paint inspecting job. Please advise average salary in Qatar for this job. p.s.: i dont have any information about taxing . please advice after tax. thank you very much
Where can i buy an i-phone in doha?
What do you think a woman or mans best assets are? and what are the best qualities of a partner in a relationship?
I wonder if somebody is going to Delhi on week or so short trip to Delhi in the coming days...?
Rajinikanth's - Deepika Padukone starrer "Rana"; forthcoming historical action film Its in news that Rajinikanth will be seen playing a triple role. I am eager to see this movie ~ anybody knows when will it release ?
Dear; Have you attended arabic learnig class in FANAR. Comments will be greatly appreciated...
Those people have these things in common: educated people are same as those who are educated. drunk are same as those who are not drunk. who respect are same as those who do not respect. bad things is same as good things. There is no difference between god and bad. Can we describe them?
hey guys i was told that as a muslim woman i won't be allowed at the baharain formula 1 circuit unless i'll go with my husband .... is that true ????? it doesn't make any sense to me ....
is it safe to go sealine tonite? coz we already plan it a week ago..but now its dusty...pls advise... thankz
hi guys and girls; just have a pause and if you can please answer me.my question is ................is it possible to renew the vehicle registration two weeks before it expires.
Hi to all my kabayan.. I just want to know if I still need to aplly OEC for my wife and my son.. They are under my sponsorship.. We have a plan to vacation in philipines by next month. What are the requirement in OWWA Polo? thanks in advance
Im a qp employee and family status; if gods will i will be there in sunday...my question is im a grade 6 and basic salary of 5000qr (housing allow; transpo allow; not included) can i bring my family in qatar?
This just popped up on my Facebook: Al Jazeera English Tonight at 20GMT Al Jazeera has a world exclusive. Be sure to tune in. I was checking online to see if I could gets some hints what this exclusive is; but nothing. Simply; watch and find out. Any ideas? Can't wait!
Does anyone know if Raha the Car Breakdown Company is still going? I have been trying to phone them all day and the numbers I have are all engaged. Have they gone bust?
Where can I buy food for Bodybuilding supplements such as creatine; protein; xpand ...? Is there manufacturer Dumatize offer? Do you know an online store that address in Doha?
can i travel to Saudi arabia for umrah by road by my car which i have taken from CBQ on car loan. please advise
Where can i find a good Indian Kindergarten / Nursery around the airport area in Doha
Does anybody know where is al Lu Lu Vehicle Technical Inspection relocated? It was located in that place for a long time; but now it is no longer there?
I am planning to buy a Nikon Camera in Doha. Anyone has got an idea of where it is available? I checked Jumble tonight without any luck. Thanks
I am under my husband's sponsorship but wish to offer music lessons to the public as a self employed music teacher from my home. I only wish to work a few hours a week - how do I do this legally?
my DH is invited to a Qatari Wedding and does not know what to take as a gift any idea please? Thanks
where can i buy vga to HDMI cable?? how much?? thanks
I just want to know that how many ladies on this site wear an abaya :) Because i need some details on it!
I need folders to hold about 60 pages on two hole punch clips. anyone knows a good stationary store?
I applied family visa in Ministry of interior on 19th Dec 2011 ;i check my status today it has mentioned "Application is Postponed" . I just want to know is that some one got the status like me and what will be the next step to proceed. kindly please reply
I have to bring my baby to Doha; he was born on 05-07-12. please advise what is the time limit to bring him here without visa.
Is there some parade in corniche on 3rd Jan?
heyy guys i wish to know my pc's ddr model whether its a ddr1 or ddr2;please help me where to find out in the pc..
I want to study arabic language; is there anybody who can tell me where can I have this lesson?
We are here on a family visit visa. We are US nationals. I have a 7 month old infant boy. Does anyone know if I need to do his medical exam also at the Medical Commission for the extension of his visit visa? I will appreciate anyone's help who has gone thru or has information on this process. Thanks.
Can I drive in Egypt with my Qatari driving license? And can it be changed to Egyptian driving license or do I need to go through driving test etc.?
so is the restaurant Rick's open yet? anyone know why it was closed/?? Same questions about Turkey Central on AlMarghb street ok- one more!! if Rick's IS open now- can anyone give driving directions to get there from Abu Hamour areas??? thanks; all!
Can anyone let me know if XBOX Live is available in Qatar and whether you can play with UK kids online.
Different stores are selling this mobile for different costs. Which store is selling it for the cheapest? Does anyone have any idea?
what are the requirements to be a member of this community? what usually are the projects; hang-outs etc?
Any body interested to make friendship with me pls msg me...
Pardon my ignorance....new to the Gulf...just wondering why 90% plus cars are WHITE in color?...does it have something to do with the climate ('cause white color absorbs less heat....)....or some other reason..?
Hi; I am planning a hiking trip in the himalayas for next month. Is there any shop in Doha where I can suitable trekking gear (e.g. winter sleeping bag; fleece; trekking pants;ect.)? Regards
Well it always seems so shallow that we always fell for good LOOKS and the good nature of the person only follows it lately but what can we do....it is how the MOTHER NATURE has made us !!!!!!!!
Hi Everyone; can you help me by giving names of Airlines/Agency where I could apply for a Cabin Crew in the Philippines that is based in Qatar ;)
Hi Everyone there is any news regarding the Hold for Filipina Visa; Can i ask when they will be lifted this Ban; i am planning to bring my Cousin her. thank you very much...
Can anybody give me address for German car at Salwa road; I heard that there I can do computer check for my car; is it right? Whats the exact name for this shop?
How You Met Your Life Partner? About Me :D By Wrong Dial Number of VODAFONE :D And Finally she Become my Wife and My Endless Happiness ENDS forever :D ( f u didn't Get Go watch POGO ) Share Your Story Good Morning !
Who has these sorts of units or cards for sale? How much does it cost? How much does one minute call cost?
Thanks for earlier responses. Does a Nissan have better resale than Kia?
To all my Kababayan who wants to renew their passport; there's no need to bring your Photograph. They will take a digital photo on the spot at a total amount of QR 240; quite expensive but what to do?
hi all; i am looking for a good shop or place from where i can get all Pakistani and Indian stuff. So looking forward for your suggestions...
lossing my hair so badly !!!!! is it common with Qatar water ????
Does anyone know where I can get a Pharmacopedia book/Pharmacy Index of the medicines that are supplied in pharmacies in Qatar? I asked a couple of pharmacists and they said "Any bookstore". When I ask the bookstores they tell me "Any pharmacy."
Hi all; Can you suggest a website which will do Arabic to English Transliteration. I mean to insert Arabic text and get Transliterated to English Text with arabic pronunciations.
I need him to do an international qulaification...what suggestions do you have...
Any information about Psychiatric Hospitals in Qatar? government hospitals or part of Hamad hospital?
This was required for sometime now. I'am sure it will help improve the quality of discussions and debates on QL if used properly. My only worry is - some people might end up flagging too many posts and this might become difficult to manage. Not sure if this has been discussed earlier. Mods: Please delete if that's the case and sorry for the inconvinience.
anyone know how much is the traffic fine for taking u-turn where it is not allowed (new signal in front of lulu)?
I'm looking for a servent only for one month with a salary of QAR1300.
hello everybody; i just want to ask something about iphone 3gs...does the gps working properly here in doha qatar?? theres any problem about iphone 3gs GPS?? im waiting for your response thanks guyzzz
Is the Ramadan starting today?
Hi there. Is it safe to work there? For women as well? Kindergardens for expats kids available? Is anyone looking strange at you at shopping and on the street?Cheers.Mihai
Hii.. its seeing many threads with images as in-line with the content rather than attachments. Can you please tell me; how I can include an image directly to the forum?
I am in Qatar for last one month. I do not have the RP yet. Can I bring my family on visit visa?
How may years does one need to continue with his first sponsor in Qatar before sponsorship can be transferred? The current sponsor provides NOC. Is the criteria 1 year or 2 years. Pls advise.Thanks
I need a carpenter who can make a nice wooden subwoofer/speaker box for my car audio system in a reasonable price. If there's anyone know who or where to find; please let me know.. I need it asap; thanks!
Where I can found BEN 10 toy watches in Doha ? Please inform me .. its for my son thanks in advance
Those expats that took the plunge and bought property at the Pearl; did it turn out well for you or do you regret the day you handed over your money? Are you looking to sell; hang on until things improve or was it the best deal you ever made? We would be interested to hear your experiences.
hellow Qler's is it ok to carry part twister gun in flight. party twister gun ( The colorful confetti will eruupt into the air at a high ranging form 10 to 15 m)
Dear Friends; Can anyone advise me the new process for appying family visit visa for my wife. What is the present criteria for the MOI and what are the documents required. Thanks in advance for your reply. Regards; Bhaskar
I want to subscribe to a satelite channel that includes the english Premiership as a part of the package. Which one?
Does anybody know the latest procedure to apply for Switzerland visa from doha...now that they have made it compulsory for Screening; all have to goto Kuwait personally? Can someone take Schengen visa from german embassy and go directly to Switzerland instead of staying in germany first?
morning everybody; ill rent a car 2day.Theres 2 options one is from strong rent a car kia cerato 2010 model-2000 qr; another from al huda renault clio 2006-2007 model 1700qr. What isyour advice;which one shall i take?im gonna drive 1st time in my life:(
All; I've just realized that I have a scheduled vacation coming up from November 30 to December 15. Any suggestions where to go???? I don't want 'cold' so Europe is out. I've been to Australia already; and South Africa.
oil paintings
Yes; we've all seen the vehicles carrying sheep; goats; and camels... But today I found myself driving behind a Land Cruiser whose passenger was a cheetah. A cheetah! Hmm; where can I get one of those?
Hello I am looking for a very good tutor in Engineering subject; as i will join engineering bachelor program soon. The main subjects are: Physics; Chemistry; and Mathematics; such as Geometry; Calculus; and Pre-Calculus. I looking to start from the beginning in these subjects; especially physics and chemistry. Thank you very much Best Regards ALKASER
I want to keep a pet.. But I can't decide on what to have as a pet.. I can't keep a dog or a cat or fish or birds.. anyone has anything else in mind pls recommend
Can i use kerosene in zippo instead of its original fluid i knw it voids the guarantee buh i dont care can i fill it up with kerosene or diesel
where and how can I find the best cardiologist in Qatar Doha to book a visit ...
where can we buy liquor?
This is random but how come there isnt any ACURA's in Qatar? Acura cars are the more luxury version of Hondas.
Hi Are Skittles available in Doha? Thanks!
Where can I buy nespresso cups ? How much are they ? Do they have all flavors ? Thanks Doha Cloggy
Hello - am just wondering about moving stuff over from the UK - will our electricals work out there - dvd; tv. fridge etc etc - or do we need converter plugs or something? Thanks
Hi; Is there a place close to Salwa road that they can install a remote starter device to my car ? I have the device already i just need someone to install it. Thank you;
Can i sponsor for my brother. I am Indian and working in Qatar Airways.
Hi Gents LED or LCD; which one is good for longtime use; i mean for kids; they like to play games;watch t.v. etc.....
Betting in Cricket Matches involving a Million Dollars? Is it true ? Does it make sense regarding bowling 3 no balls? This controversy surpasses Tiger Woods scandals?
I am planning to export my 2005 Toyat - camary to India (kerala); please let me know which is the cheapest way of sending it and hows does these work?
Can anyone be penalize for beating the red light even if the only evidence for such violation is you are being listed by a traffic police?
Is there good oppurtunity for good hockey players here in DOHA? Due to extreme season ; are players able to perform outdoor practice?
How is the Comparison between Prado and Mazda CX9? Which one would be a better buy ?
Looked outside and saw clouds today ...in Qatar Sky...after a long long time ....Its gonna rain soon :)
how much is the fine for violation of parking in fanar area?
Where can i buy and customize soccer jerseys ? (not branded) I want to buy around 10 jerseys and then to add number and logo. Thank you;
Hello Dears; my son is 04 years old and i want to put him in school(KG1).He is already visiting visa up to 6 month here. i am from Indian and also myself and my wife trained our son for intial education like alphabets; countings; colors; shapes etc which are the basics. i am living in wakra area.Any were seat available please let me know urgently! Thanks in advance Muhammad
I have a mercedes -benz E230 1998 model ; Full option; i need to change brake shoes; please advice where is the good garage near Doha? Thank you in advance
Hi all; am presently in dubai and inshallah planning to shift to qatar with my family. What is the least one bedroom rent with good maintannce that i cud expect in doha or nearby area like wakrah...? I need a good flat with good maintance....what can be the monthly or yearly rent that i cud expect...and how abt the cost of living there...heard its getting more expensive there..?... Thankyou
hi; does anybody know where to buy (in Doha) good pots/ saucepans for cooking? thanks!
Hi; I was left Doha since 4 years with a cancellation in my visa; so did i need a release from my first sponsorship to enter Doha in a different sponsorship?
Hi; I went to the wholesale market on Saturday but couldn't buy anything as I had to buy boxes only of vegetables that I would have had to waste... I was told that there is also a vegetable market where I can buy by the kg...can anybody explain me where it is? Thanks...
What To Do When You Have A Toothache????????? i m having bad tooth pain :(:(
JD Here!
6 truths of life: 1) You cannot touch all of your teeth with your tongue. 2) All idiots; after reading the first truth; try it. 3) The first truth is a lie. 4) You're smiling now cause you are an idiot. 5) You will soon forward this to another idiot. 6) Theres still a stupid smile on your face.
hi everyone; i'd like to get your opinion and/or comments... is it safe to consider direct employment? would appreciate your feedback...=)
hello Qler's; i know you guys getting rid of this question... but anyone have a quick technique how to lose weight?? especially tummy part!! thanks!!
I need some clarifications about Police Clearance Requirements; 1. A letter of recommendation from work-What should be stated on this letter? Should I get this from my new company? or my previous company? ..... Police Clearance Form; 1. Is it really to be typed in arabic? ..... Thanks and peace out..
To all kind hearted fellows out there I need your help! I am looking for some shop that do repair car bumper! Coz I recently had an accident that makes my bumper fall. If you knew some kabayan friends or shop that fix it for less price please let me know..... Looking forward from hearing from you guys! Thanks!
Why People Living In Qatar Dont Celebrate New Year ? Y there is No lighting ; Crackers And Fun in Qatar On 31st Dec 12:00 am ?
I want to purchase Land Cruiser but most of them are high millage cars. Shall I purchase more than 200k KM driven car. Please advice
dear all; where can i find a shop that rents out dvd's/movies or sells it for cheap?! thank you :)
Which car you feel superb for you...which car you feel like buying if you have money...Nissan Patrol or Land Cruiser...
hello; How much is the cost of cheapest tablet here in Doha?Where i can buy. THank you
Can anyone confirm if Justin Bieber is coming to Qatar? I have heard rumors and my daughter is dying to see him in concert. Does anyone have any info?
Anyone recently had a delivery in Woman Hospital? What the future mother has to prepare and take with herself when going to hospital for delivery? Does hospital provide anything for newborn baby and mother (pads; napkins; )? Thanks.
taking into consideration shape; options; applications and price; which is better to have ; the I-phone or the Nokia 5800 music Xpress... Thanks; Enjoy!
I tend to go to the Diplomatic club's beauty salon. It just looks like its very price to me now (went twice) so would like to go to another place cheaper?? Someone knows?
Hi; which public bus can I take to get from the airport to somewhere in the center of Doha (e.g. the Pearl Fountain on the Corniche; or Souk-Waqif) ? Regards Loic
I am looking how recession has effected Qatar. Is that the same what you feel 10 months back and now. Do you feel any difference. Please comment
Morning everyone..bit of an emergency. My 4 yr old has a high fever and I can't find any calpol (under 6). I have some other paracetemol for children but he won't take it. Does anyone know where I can get calpol please???? Also we don't have our RP yet so if I need to take him to a doctor what do I do?
Hi; Help needed regarding Qatar Labour Laws for expats. A close acquaintance is in grave trouble from company and seeks assistance........whom to approach who can advice about Labour laws in qatar.......whats the procedure?.......are there any consultants who will guide.......any department or office? Reply urgent please. Thankyou and God bless...........lady in distress!!
I want to start ACCP or CCNP from Aptech qatar;but first i want to see the image of Aptech certificate or diploma for these courses. whether its worth looking or not? plz upload image of these courses if anybody have done these in past or recently.
quickly; guys! how much per hour the interpreter/ translator makes? To translate the business conversation between the potential sponsor and the Company's manager? thanks
Hi; How can my Moroccan fiance get a visa for a 20h stopover? Myself; I can get a visa on arrival. Qatar Airways does not care; embassy says she needs a sponsor ( e.g. hotel) and hotel ( Radisson) does want to do it for Moroccans. So; what can we do? She is EU resident; has a job; has onward ticket... Thanks
Hi Q-lers ; Please let me know where i can find Pheromel Scent in Qatar .. Thanks all in advance
Would you lend money to a "colleague"; say a security man who wants to borrow four times his monthly salary?
what is the minimum speed for radar. i have seen 80 km/hr is anywere below this......please tell me the location
Good Day! I just want to ask if 3000 QR;500 QR food allowance; free accommodation; free transportation; other benefits (as per Qatar law) is reasonable for the position of Safety Officer? I have 4 yrs. of experience in Philippines. Thanks!
I was wondering why the european expats are being paid quadruple the salary of asians who have the same or even more experience and education??? At least thats the way it is in my work place.
Anybody knows where to find a good swimming schools in Qatar?
Hi Friends; Iam working in doha for past 2 years and i took personal loan (QR100;000 for 30 months installment) from a bank having my salary account. Can any one advise if i want to leave the country for better prospect what should i do; i dont have enough money to repay my loan and if the company terminate me what can i do to repay the loan.
Where can I sell my camera except Qatar living.. Is there is a shop in Qatar where they buy used cameras?
anyone know where they do spray on tans?!! cheers in advance!
Can anyone tell me what's the difference between normal air tyre pressure and Nitro air tyre pressure; is it ok for daily ride? does it wear long then normal air? how can we feel the difference? Which tyre center offering nitro air??
Hi Does; anyone know what time DESS school starts in the mornings. My daughter starts there in September and I have been through their website but cannot find any times. I have tried e-mailing the school but no reply (i expect because its the summer holidays). Is there anyone with children at the school that could let me know. Thanks for any help. Regards Valerie
Hello i am looking for a second hand car-preferably Toyota-Prado. I am searching for a good one in QL from last week. But couldnt find any good deal. Can you please help me to find some sources( good websites or agents) who can help me to find a good prado?
hello their any one can help me where to find the electronic cigarettes in Qatar just keep me posted thanks
who will tell me where sell something to kill cockroaches.the sprayer in stores is unuseful.
I wanna know if there is any showroom here selling Giorgio Armani products like shirts and bags...thanx 4 the help
Hi; Does anyone know if the Samsung P2450H LCD monitor is available in Qatar. It is a 24" 2ms monitor that I find to be quite an excellent piece of screen estate. Thanks!
how are the praying time announced? do they announce the time from a public speaker so everyone can hear?
Guys; Just to overcome the dullness .. I am a member of the "ALPHABET". Wherever i go; "U" always follow me. Who am I?
. Is portable AC good and reliable ? Any good brands to suggest with approx. pricing ? Thanks mates.
Hi; where should I move? Al Sadd or Al Muntazah? Any recommendations? Thanks for your advice.
hey everyone; any one can help givin any info about the Boat Restaurant near Sheraton?
Just looking for a Mid-Range Acoustic.
Please let me know if there is any shops selling "Alpine Soft" Shoes
Does anybody know what happened to the guitarist from the winning band at B of B 2008 held in the Cube. He was one mega-talented dude and I would like to know if he got a gig anywhere?
Does anybody have any pearls regarding physician contract negotiations? Thanks for your thoughts.
Two races to go - Everything to play for. Murray Walker is probably lost for words.. The Brazilian GP today. Alonso could win the title today; but I would doubt it. I see it going to the last race. Who do you want to be champion this year ? Heart says Alonso; but would love to see the Red Bulls triumph..
Hey guys .. Im gonna move to Doha in a few months and wanted to know about the motorbiking scene there. Can you plz help me with the following questions? (1) Is it difficult to get a bike licence? (2) How much do bikes like CBR ; Yahamaha R1 etc cost ? (3) Are second hand bikes also available? Your replies will be highly appreciated. Thankx.
is there any gym in doha that allows ladies? I would like to do the work out along with her as we used to do in my home country.
And where are they located? Thanks:)
Good morning QLers; anybody know where to buy power balance necklace (bracelet) here in qatar? and im interested to know if someone tried it before. how is it? and which is more effective (bracelet oe necklace)? ThanQ :)
Can anyone help me get access to a list of valid email addresses for Qatar?
Any suggestions on places to go eat/socialize?
Can anyone suggest to me a place where I can bring my family this friday? They are on a visit visa here. I want to make sure they'll enjoy they're stay here by touring the Qatar. Any good sightseeing place?any events worth watching?thanks!
anybody out there can help me build up muscles!! I'm Searching for professional body building trainer.
I have a Samsung S3 I bought in the states ; where can i have it unlocked????
Hi; Can I process a visit visa for a friend in Immigration?
Where are the other branches of Krispy Kreme aside from the one in Villagio?
Any good and bad experiences with Jeep Wrangler?
i need to get my vpn set how much is it and whats the best one. for sky and iplayer
i had already posted this forum.but i didnt get an apt answer. Cn anybody tell me which is the best automatic washing machine..???
Dear Friends; Could you all please kindly advise me some facial cream or lotion or soap for face whitening ?? for whitening face?? Please kindly advise me. Best regards; charles
Im here now in Doha. Im an RN from the Philippines. Can somebody help me apply for a position in Hamad Hospital. Thank you so much
Can someone tell about process to get residency for wife and kids. I just got mine through my work.My family is here on visit visa but need to change status to residency. Thanks
Hi everybody; is there any place in Qatar where can i buy pure raw HONEY ? i appreciate your answer have a good one thanks ..........
Hi; Just wondering if its cheaper/better to get a locked iphone from the US and get it unlocked in Doha? or buy new in Qatar? Does anyone know how much an iphone costs in Doha? whether locked or unlocked. We may be moving to Qatar soon. Thanks
Apparently the moderators did not like a topic I posted. The post was refering to a subject I consider completely normal... I thought QatarLiving would be more open in certain things...taking in account so many expats are members. I hope the moderator that eliminate my post could clarify me If it resulted ofensive in anyway? I read the conditions guidelines...but found that my post was not a problem. Why???
Can anybody send me a sample of Marriage NOC in english...? bhono_voxx@yahoo.com thanks....
Hello QLers; I need to know if there's any Filipino agents in QNB. Appreciate the help... thanks!
Do you know where can I buy this product? Is it available in all malls around Doha? BTW; Veet is name of the brand that sell hair removal products..
What do i have to do to get an interenet shopping card? Is it prepaid? thank you
Ladies; if you had to choose a man between the following nationalities; which would you go for and why ? :) 1. European 2. South African 3. North American 4. South American 5. Australian 6. Pakistani 7. Sri Lankan 8. Indian 9. Lebanese 10. Egyptian 11. Qatari 12. Philipino 13. Qatari
where can u buy female thongs and panties and 2 pieace bikins in doha
I usually shop at MegaMart...it's expensive but the produce is better than other places I've been; and they have a wider selection of gourmet foods. Has anyone tried the Greenbox or knows of other supermarkets with good produce?
Hi all I am hoping to visit in April; and am hoping to visit some of the paramedic and emt teams. Does anybody have contacts? Thanks David
my girlfriend is russian; and i am trying to find a job for her; she can speak english very well and experienced at sales and these kind of office works; can she find a job as an office employee; teacher; etc?
Does anybody know if Skullcandy headphones are available for purchase here in Qatar? Thanks in advance!
Sir/Ma'am; May I know how much is the cost for renewing the car istamara/registration? I already tried the search function/button but it doesn't show the right answer for my question. btw my car is Kia Optima 2007 model and I live near at Madinat Khalifa Traffice Department. Thanks In Advance!
i wud like to know is there wireless internet facility available for laptops in doha.is there any data card avilable so that i can use internet whenevr i required. plz get me the details if there is any
Hi everybody in three weeks will be living in qatar with my family lot of people talk just nice things about there but what about the issues im sure not all are pink color right now Iam in Muscat thinking in the maids rate; salary if somebody can help suggest a dentist-orthodontist Kite surf group Motobike club Nursery Family doctor and pediatrician. Kind regards Johanna
Is a labour Card is a requirement to apply for a personal loan.
My laptop's screen shows white color only. Accidentally the laptop dropped from the table to the floor. CPU is still working properly except the LCD screen. Anyone can give me idea how much it will cost for replacement of LCD screen. thanks.
Hi; i'm just wondering could someone tell me what it would be like for me with 2 small kids 2 move to Qater for the summer;
Hi I'm in my country for vacation and I will arrive in Qatar on the last day of my RP expire date. Can I extend RP on that day.
Are Asians more resistant to this new strain of influenza? Do statistics coroborate this view?
anyone know where i can get window tinting for my car. i see a lot of cars with Johnson written on the windows. is this a local company?
How can get WiFi facility to desktop computers....are there any special devices to connect with PC....i already have a blue tooth..what else i need to purchase....?
Hi Everyone! I have a job offer and I would like to know if it's fair. - the position that I am applying of is Graphic Designer (experienced for one year) - I am a Filipino (from the Philippines) - single - JO is 2050 QAR with free transpo; meals during work; and accommodation I'll be waiting for your reply. Thanks! =)
Mod note: Take a chill pill
I was wondering if anyone knew where I could buy musical instruments; specifically a trumpet.
Hello; Please give me advice on how to be able to live in a hotel in Doha with my husband without having a marriage certificate. Is this possible? Thank you in advance.
what requirements/documents he needed to apply for that visa?
can anyone help me with the format of no objection letter from a husband... Thanks
Hi; i was just wondering if in qatar if there are any ikea; sears; the bay;target; stores etc... or are they just canadian/ american stores?
If you could be in an Olympic team; which team would it be? I'd be in the eventing team.....(that was what I used to compete in believe it or not!)......never made the Olympics though.....
Hi to all QL members.Good Morning to all of you. I just want to ask if theres any other branch of MarryBrown aside from Freej Nasser. Its difficult to fim=nd parking on that area. If theres other branch thats good.. Thanks
Anyone who would know; where all is this movie played today? I hope the Villagio? i tried calling them up; na! they dont even care to pick up
Hi all; I'm new in Qatar.I'm planning to rent a villa/flat in Ezdan Village 23. How long would it take; by car to reach Marriott in Ras Abu Abbout in the morning rush hours? Thanks in advance.
Any idea where I can get a 2.5mm to 3.5mm audio jack converter? I need it to plug my phone to my cars' music system.
hello Freinds; AHDHA MUBARAK! i just wanted to ask you guys that i am planning to take all my office staffs for a one day picnic (from morning till afternoon) in the dessert after sealine resort... how is that place for them to enjoy ?? we plan to take food parcel for lunch...! apprecieate your valuable comments
I have a few boxes to ship to the US and I am looking for a reliable shipping company. Thanks for your input and assitance in this matter.
Good Day to all! I want to learn driving and go to driving school. I don't have any driving license from my Home country (Philippines) How long it takes for me to avail a qatar driving license? Which driving school is the best? Can you give me some important hints regarding my concern.. Thank you all!
Hi I want study in Qatar and my family want to come with me too. can you give me a basic information about houses price(rent) in Doha? thanks a lot
My question is about the French schools in Doha. Apparantly there are two: ecole Bonapart and college Voltaire. I am looking for any information about these two establishments. Especially if there are people here who bring their kids there... My son is 7 years old; he is French; actually we are expats in Scotland and he is at French school of Total. Thanks in advance for anwering me
hey mates i'm flying on the 19th of dec from doha to london heathrow and i have no idea how can i get a bus from the airport to take me to nottingham is there's any national express shop in london heathrow; which terminal ? how much does it cost for one way ? i'v been to the website this morning it doesn't say anything about it thanks in advance
What can i do with all the QL points??
My boyfriend and I are planning to get married here. He is an Egyptian Muslim; I am a Filipina Christian and both valid resident visa holders. My embassy could only marry both Philippine citizens. Can anyone please let me know if we can get married in his embassy? If not; where here in Qatar can we do it and what are the requirements? Thank you in advance for your answers.
If you were to write a feature story on the current happenings in Qatar.... What would you write about? What do you think is prominent now write to write about? -Fem-
what is full the form of HSBC; do not google it just answer if u know. i know a lot HSBC customers who dont the know the name of the bank in full
I've looked on qtel website and there doesn't seem to be an "all in" package for tv; internet and landline. Do you have to get each seperately and add on the premium packages like show sports; abu dhabi sports etc?
When do school admissions open for the forthcoming academic year? I am due to arrive in Doha at the start of September and the family residence visa should hopefully be processed around mid October. Do school's allow admission without a residence visa for an interim period? If no; is it possible to admit my child during term time?
where can i buy Nexus One Phone in Qatar? SI it availble in qatar or not?
My friend want to apply for family visa for his would be wife... They are getting married in June09 and bring along the family when he returns. Is it possible to get family visa like this ? Pls share your experience and knowledge.. thanks
Please help me. I need to buy some suit materials. I heard that there is abundant collection at Souq Waquif. Can any one tell me how can I reach the place. I do stay near Muntazah Signal. Thanks in advance.
I am working in Doha on visit visa on one project. i want to visit bahrine to spend my holidays; Can i go and come back to qatar? Can any body suggest what is requirement ( papers) for this
Hi all; I would like to learn sailing and do some watersports like kayaking and jet sky. Where is the best place in Doha to enrol for such activities? Any idea of the fee?
what are the dos and donts of this site?
..how does one address road obstructions caused by some people who; with seeming disregard for other people; park their cars in the middle of the road..?...
How will i know if i am Banned in Qatar. I left my employer using my vacation leave; then when i am at my country; i told my employer that i will not come back in Qatar. i have no communication on my previous employer. i worked for 8 months only. i hope to work again there. Thanx
Hi! Any home remedies for removing warts? I'm getting frustrated with my warts on my toenails? Going to some clinic here are expensive. Thanks for your help.
Hello guys Can any body tell me that where i should go for finger prints because i did my medical exams successfully thanks and regards
i am Natasha Shalizeh. i am new on this site since 3 days. i was waiting for rain to say hello. am i welcome?
hi...i would like to know if there is any authorised prometric exam centres in qatar so that i can attend my oracle certification exams from there??pls provide the tel number or address if there is
Good morning QL onliners!!!!I need a car very urgent;if u know somebody who sells his/her car in an inexpensive amount please send me with pictures or please refer me. maybe an SUV/CR model type and the like. Thanks!!!!
Friends; Could you please tell us how can we able to get the Email ID'S of Whole Companies in Qatar.
Hi. I am a physiotherapist from New Zealand considering relocating to Qatar folowing a job offer from Aspetar hospital. If someone could please tell me what the working conditions are like at the hospital; particularly in the allied health department. How are the staff being treated; etc? I would appreciate as much info as possible as I'm faced with this dilemma of whether to go or not and I just can't make my mind up. Thanks in advance
Guys; (Porsche;Range Rover Private service and parts) I have second hand POrsche and Rangeover and its now out of company warranty and i am not planning to extend warranty. Can anyone tell me; if in DOHA; porsche and RR private car service available and its reliable. please guys; I need an information and location in qatar for these car servicing.
What will the monthly expenses for a south indian couple with an infant. Accomodation;Car;Fuel is taken care by my employer.
Just wondering if its legal to play online poker in Qatar?
Hi ..i wanna appear for Toefel and SAT ..can ya'll let me the no of the options i got ?
I have a residence permit; do i have to get an exit visa to go to dubai for the weekend? thanks
I have been trying for days to get a hold of the Government vet to inquire about the feral cat problem in our area. I have heard they will capture neuter and release; if you can get ahold of them. Anyone have any luck with this??
we will be having house warming tonight; where can i buy good kare kare good for 20 to 30 people? thank you in advance to all kabayans
Is it possible to get a facial treatment here in Qatar? In if it is; were and whats the price?
Good day all; A cup of coffee for you .. by MM.
I need to buy the sofa set which i think its called as Arabic majli's sofa. Can someone tell me whr / which shop is it available? Thanks for the help cheers....
Hi everyone! Need to know if there are people interested in or have exotic pets here in qatar like reptiles; ambhibians or any exotic animals or birds. I have some reptiles and ambhibians. Lets make a exotic pet group and share our experiences! Have fun!
The thread that was here yesterday has been removed without trace for some reason. Is it in light of today's events?
What side effects did you experience so FAR?
Does any one know where it is going to OPEN?
Dear All; Please Help Me. i want to call my wife to Qatar. i am on a House Driver Visa and as Qatar Rules i will not get a family visit visa. My Sponsor is having a business in Qatar. can i call my wife on a (Business Visit Visa for 3 Months) and stay with her.
ARHAAN a muslim name? if yes: what is meaning?
Well let's see if this hair brained idea sticks. Let's play the word/rhyme game. I'll post a word; either you post the first word that pops in your head or a word that rhymes with it. Just follow suit. I'll start with: Qatar
Lately I found out that author of threads can self regulate their thread. I mean; the author can edit/delete unwanted comments as the author wish to! Is this true or as I understand it that only the Moderators can do the editing and deletion of another person's comment! As I understand it also; one can edit his/her OWN comment but never other's comment! Does this policy holds true?
Hi I want to book a three years old brithday party does anyone have any good recommendations? I've tried Dairy Queen but is fully booked the two days I want. Thanks
dear fiends; one of my friend have worked in qatar and his visa will be expiring on January 2012; at the same time he got a job in oman. he didn't cancel his qatar visa and he went as a vacation only. now the period of vacation is not even 6 month. so he wanted to come to qatar from oman and he wants to re-new his qatar visa. is it possible to do like that? so pleas advice me on this regards...
Looking for some place to sit down read and write in peace with no disturb. Would be more interested in outdoor green places. So where is your favorite spot? :)
Does anyone know where I can get rollerskates for a 6 yr old? I would prefer the old fashioned type with 4 wheels rather than the in-line skates. thanks
I'm a half Irish; half Tunisian woman from London living in Doha. Im trying to find somewhere i can learn Tunisian Arabic but can only find Lebanese and/or Jordanian tutors at the moment. Can anyone advise me as to where i can learn Tunisian Arabic? I speak basic Tunisian Arabic already. Any help would be much appreciated!
hey. I just needed a little help with the settings and 111 are unable to help me at this moment. If you are using the thomson router for moziac. I need a little help right now. Thanks and happy new year
Ok... my son is over here with me at the moment. And he wants to try a real authentic Indian curry. Back home the curry houses serve British Curry; which is awesome and one of my favorite meals; but is different from that served in India (or so I am told). So where should I take him for lunch?
I'm moving to Doha in September and was wondering what things aren't so great about it. Hopefully you guys won't talk me out of moving!
Could anyone tell me how I go about getting a prescription for medication that I need to take regularly. I move to Doha in 10 days time; I have searched this site but cannot seem to find the information I need. Thanks Louise
Any of you gonna sign up?
I am since last 4yrs in doha and suffering with recurrent mouth ulcer. I consulted many doctors here and india but no result.Can anyone suggest good doctor for sp.treatment.
Hi Does anyone know a place which stocks the WD Live Media Player? Tried at Carrefour; Jarir and Virgin but no stock. Thanks!
Hi erverybody where can I find toyota corolla wheel covers (original ones) ?? thanx
So; I took the job in Doha; and will be coming to teach for 12 months. I now have a couple of questions. Mainly anything I should make sure I bring with me (apart from real obvious things); possibly things I may struggle to get in Doha or that may be a lot more expensive? Any general info/advice? and where should i look for meeting people/socialising once i have settled in. Thanks guys; maybe see you soon!
Which is worse; failing or never trying?
Hi; I am GCC Resident and my residency is still valid for that country. I got the job in qatar and only after coming here i got to know that I need to cancel my old residency to get the qatar visa stamped. What are the possibilities or workarounds? Any solution to this problem without going back to that GCC Country for cancellation?
Do u enjoy listening to songs in different languages which you dont understand?
I'm about to transfer my sponcership; and again the problem of CID issue arise. Is there a way to prepare the document in Qata - or even through Kuwait embassy -instead of travelling to Canada ?
Which is the best software to maintain parent control over internet use by kids. Any suggestion please?
Does anybody know where to get de-sensitizing cream in doha?
Visiting Golden Triangle in India. Delhi-Agra and Jaipur. Any tips? Is it okay to wear shorts when entering the temples? Is the rail ride safe?
My car is misfiring and the Jeep Garage want to charge me some 4500 QAR just for labour to carry out removal of the cylinder head alone and then investigate. I am sure there is a more relaible and cheaper way to do this but need to know the number of a good mechanic. Any help appreciated.
Hello Friends; I have a simple doubt....Do it need to show or present the car in the traffic department during the car ownership transfer??? If in case the car is in service center for maintenance; still can do the ownership transfer OR not? I appreciate your valuable replies. thanks; SJP
I take the chance to introduce myself. I am Keeley. I am a brand new member of Qatar Living. Hi Everyone!
QL ers those who have a lot of points does that mean you are useful as your points???//// or you are more of idle? just breif answer dont make it terrible thread again..
school
Does anybody know a fool proof plan to damage a television set so that it can't be viewed? The old picture tube models not the LCD ones.
Can anyone please advice me on suitable places where i can enrol my 7 yr old for swimming lesson. PReferably near Airport Area
Hello Everyone I am currently pregnant and I have a line up my tummy which is totally normal... But! over the past month I have noticed another line which goes across my tummy which makes a Cross!... its puzzling me as this is not normal... its an actual perfectly lined cross! so my question is to the QL'ers Whats the strangest thing that has appeared on your body; which you dont have an explanation for?
Hi all; Please tell me any body which is best antivirus cd? Regards; Mohammed +974 3354 9882
Can i use vodaphone EINTERNET on my laptop? As i have no acess to qtel landline........ thanks plz help.
How much the price for Visit visa/Tourist visa/Transist visa and do you know any agency in doha for visa applaying?
can anybody tell me wat stores cater big sizes of shoes;slippers;flat shoes etc.... my size is 11 en half to 12.. thanks guys;;; i'll wait for your answers...
Two real cute pictuers
I have asked the Al Ahli but the answers are unclear. Has anyone had their child there? If so how much did it cost you? Do they have a day rate for a delivery suit?
Been to Villagio; Royal Plaza and Centerpoint; but could not find a shop that sells men's pajamas. Any ideas?
Thanks
Correct timing to take water; will maximize its effectiveness to Human body. Two (02) glasses of water - 30 minutes before meal - Help digestion One (01) glass of water - After waking up - Helps activate internal organs One (01) glass of water - Before sleep - To avoid stroke or heart attack One (01) glass of water - Before taking a bath - Helps lower blood pressure
Hey guys i have mixed group of 5 people 3 girls and 2 guys looking to go to the Doha Jazz session in a couple days; anyone interested joining?? Hit me up
Hi everyone; I've been accepted for a role at HMC and have been told my entry visa is a 3-8 week process. It's been almost 8 weeks now and I'm concerned it will take much longer; especially hearing some of the stories here (6 months to get a visa!) Should I be concerned and expect the process to take much longer?
LOL
Im planning to visit Qatar for 1 week on last week of May or 3rd week of June but my problem is my passport will expire in September is it still possible to get a visa and visit Qatar ; My nationality is Filipino but Im a green card holder I live in US. Any suggestions or input would be highly appreciated. Thanks in advance
Can a father sponsor his daughter if he is separated and his wife is not residing in Qatar. Is it possible?
Hi All;I am single. I have been offered a sales job for QR 13500 PM with a Car. (No Accomodation). How is this offer? How much will I save per month?
Does Anyone know how good this school is...
Can anyone tell me where I can find a toy shop in Qatar that sells quality battery operated/powered cars for my 3 year old son to drive? I am looking for the Fisher-Price Jeep Hurricane and would appreciate anyone that can help me locate a shop the sells this product.
Please provide contact number. Thanks
Is it mentioned in the exit permit the place where you want to go? I mean is it stated the place you are going.Thanks.
Guys; am planning to get a new GPS for my car...had Garmin before and it was really good. I saw some stuff in Carrefour; but most of them don't even have maps for Qatar installed; just Europe! What do you recommend and is not worth buying?
can i change my sponsorship without noc? is there any rule in qatar labour law
Last Eid I was shooed away from the Corniche and prohibited entry to Malls coz I am single. Does anyone know what the anti-bachelor days/timings are during this holidays?
hi i would like to ask if anyone knows how much is the penalty of a returned checks? Thanks
Hi! Can any body have experiance to remove his tonsils with laser treatment?? is that safe for 5 years old child or batter to go for surgical surgery?? please guide me if any one knows i heard that one more laser type treatment is came (with some difficult name). if any one know about it please shair it with me?? thanks in advance
After reading extensively about coffee and its origins; I came to appreciate the Arabs contribution to this wonderful drink. Aside from starbucks; coffee beanery and the likes; which other coffee shops can you recommend?
Is there any Roxy shops here in Doha? Or at least any shops that sell this brand. Thanks in advance.
Hello there; Can anyone recommend a boxing club I can join in Doha? Please don't recommend the "boxing fitness" session in the aspire as that is only for general fitness. I would love to schedule some fights to get me through my time here in Qatar.
I am working as a web developer with one company. My visa status is PERSONAL LABOUR ("AAMIL SHAKSIYA"). This visa is under by Boss's Brother. My Boss promised me to change the profession of my visa; but since 2 yrs. he couldn't make it. Now I want to have a final exit and leave Qatar. But my boss is not permitting me to go. I have no contract with my company. Can anybody suggest me a way that I could get final exit.
What has happenned to Penny Pitstop? I am missing her cutting wit; calming influence and openess to reasoned debate. RIP Penny ;-)
i am planning to order a lot of items from an online shop located in china; for example shoes; dresses; accesorries;they will ship it via fedex or aramex is there any problem with the customs?
I am looking for the cheapest rental car (personal use not through a company) for one month. The lowest I have found so far is 1700 which is pretty good but anyone know of anything lower???
Hi My husband is trying to buy a 4yr old Cayenne S but i am worried about the costs of servicing and repair as my Father had one in Dubai and the main dealer was very expensive until we found a good private guy - there arre many in Dubai. Are there smaller private mechanics who specialize in Porsche here in Doha. Has anyone had a good experience and can recommend? Please help my sad husband because otherwise its a no no! lol.
Hi all; I'm having an interview with one of the leading banks in Qatar in a couple of days. Hopefully I will get a job offer as an expat. I have 6 years experience in International Banking / Corporate Banking. What should be my expectations for a basic salary + benefits? Thanks
Hi Ql'ers Could you please post the list of websites that would be streaming the India vs Pakistan cricket match?
Hi; My Honda Pilot 2010; used to get me 18 Lit/100 km and now in summer its 20 Lit/100 km. This is driving in Doha; which means lots of breaks; slow downs; traffic jams; red signal waiting etc. Any one with honda pilot can confirm if this is ok and expected thanks Saghar
I hold a first class double honors Bachelors degree in accounting. I do not have a certification like (acca; cpa etc); 3 years experience. What salary should I expect???? (I am a Pakistani)
Can anyone comment which is the Best Car Service in Qatar? amongst Nissan; Toyota and Honda only based on your personal experience in Qatar.
Quiznos VS. Subway: Which Sub Shop Makes a Better Sandwich?
Both were once dominate languages but both got superseded. English is now the defacto lingua Franca of the Gulf; with Arabic being just used in the home
Hi; I am looking forward to moving to Qatar but was wondering if the social side is good to; do people go out for beers like in the UK after work. I am going to miss London but am taking the plunge with the missus but the social side is bothering me and I do not want to get bored? Chet
Has anyone seen cornbread stuffing mix; cranberries; canned pumpkin; marshmallow cream or sugar free red gelatin in local stores?
I am in the process of moving to Qatar having recently taken up a position there. As a Canadian national; can anyone advise if I will be required to obtain a visa to visit the UAE despite having a valid Qatari RP? Do Canadian nationals holding Qatari RP's still need to obtain a visa to the UAE? Many thanks;
I kinda missed QL for the past couple of days when the site was down; did you miss it?
Its been eight months since I am working in a private (small) company. Since my sister is not well; I want to go urgently on at least a 10-day emergency leave; but my sponsor is refusing exit permit. Please advise what to do?
How do you meet people around here in Qatar???
Does anybody know how to contact the guy who drives around Doha in a SUV with his pet cheetah in the passenger seat?
When you go home to get merried and you wanted to change your passport in your country so your marital status and family name will be change; is it possible to go back in Qatar when your visa name is now different from the new passport that is issued to you though you attached the old passport?
who will cry 4 you after your death? Think and tell honest answers
Dear All; I heard that Permanent residence for parents is possible now for a fee of QAR 2;500. I just want someone here to confirm this before I go to imiigration and embarass myself. My mother is 59 years old and I am looking to sponsor her. She is totally dependent on me. She recently went back after staying for six months. I guess anyone working at the immigration department might help.
Which airline is comparatively better; Etihad Airways or Oman Air?
Hi; We are an Indian family. I have two daughters below age 8 and we are expecting our third in March. We need a housemaid for 6 months full time. Can I find a housemaid locally and not have to sponsor her visa?
Dear Qatar Living friends; Please advice me which model that I should consider to buy and really need your opinion interms of their comfortability in long journey and their service centre? Thanks a lot.
Where can I buy whole sale HALA CARD with discount
Or is a single gal with 3 cats just a little pathetic? You see my roomate wanted to get one but is now deciding she doesn't; however when I was at QAWS I fell in love with a little cutie pie and I'm wondering how pathetic is it really for me to get a third cat....
Hello to every one here;who can give me some information how to get pregnant. I am 37 yrs old; I and my husband is trying for nearly 4yrs;and no luck to have a baby at all. Please help me about this issue and how much it cost for the processing to get pregnant. Thanks you.
Can someone tell me if/where can i find a Honda CBR600rr or Yamaha R6 for rent in Doha for track days? and some prices... Thank you!
Are there any cheap bikes available in Qatar. I need them so as my office boys can use it for delivering parcels and mail.
I have an Acer Aspire 3050. I think it needs reformatting and reinstallation of windows vista. Where Can I get that done? Any idea how much it will cost? Thanks.
A man spoke frantically into the phone; "My wife is pregnant and her contractions are only two minutes apart!" "Is this her first child?" the doctor asked. "No!" the man shouted; "This is her husband!
I want to take my baby there today to get his green vaccination card and 6 month vaccinations. Are they closed in the afternoon? Thanks.
Hi Guys; Anybody is having a idea where Traffic Cameras have fixed in Doha? But it is not everywhere;;;;Could you please mention places where u have seen these cameras? just contribute at least by mentioning one place !!!! Thx.
I work in a government organisation under ministry of defence. I had 90000 Riyal loan from QIB. I have some trouble at my work. They are planning to end my services. I want to ask if suppose they terminate me; what will the bank do in order to in order to get its payment back?
How much weight can take checked baggage in the airport??
this friday when we went to corniche there were trails of cars waving some checkered flags and driving at crazy speeds and creating lot of problem to people by stopping the cars in between the roads and hopping in to other car. Does anyone no what all this ruckus was all about. The traffic police really had a tough time controlling all this.
I heard employees who completed 2 years can change sponsor without consent of current sponsor. Is that a rumor? Im nt convinced.
We are looking at buying a SUV and are considering the following options within our budget.Our options are 1. Toyota Prado 2012 2. Mitsubishi Pajero 2012 3. Nissan Armada 2012 Please help us make an informed choice.
Hi Friends; I'm planning to buy an Alfa Romeo 147 (used one). But dont know about the car or company as much. Only have the idea its an Italian car. Do any of you have any idea about its performance; maintenance and problems of the car?? plz help..!
anyone knows abt exchange rate today for indian rupees.....????
Hi; i would like to know the female gynecs in Qatar(preferablly keralites or someone who understands malayalam or atleast from india) would like to know who are the best gynecs amoung them... i have some small issues so i am looking for experienced and good gynecs. thanks;.
i found an ipod lying on the road ..i hope the owner reads this ..send me the description of the iopd like the wallpaper and the passcode so i know it's owner ..i'll give you my info once i receive the above info i asked for .
What does UAC stand for?
I want to continue learning my Japanese. so is there any place or institute in Doha that teaches Japanese language?
can i get job in polce or army if my nationality is pakistani but born in qatar and speak 100% arabic and english.does anyone know rates tge salary.... acctually my cousin wants to go to police and army....
Can somebody help me out.....Its my Best friends wedding next week...I want to send her a gift...shes in India...Somebody please suggest some ideas!!!!
I enjoy and ice cold pepsi at the end of the working day and I am wondering if it is possible to purchase these soft drinks at the supermarkets? If yes; then can anyone tell me how much they would be in Riyal. Thanks in advance.
Good day everyone; anyone know how to apply Educational Residence Visa?
does anyone know a shop or a store called White Thread?? and where is it located?
Should Muslims wear football jerseys which display images of crosses; liquor brands and devils? If they did; would it be as if Muslims are worshipping and exalting the symbols of other religions? Among the football teams whose crests carry images of the cross are Brazil; Portugal; Serbia; Barcelona and Norway; while Manchester United carries the Red Devil slogan on its team crest. What do you think?
If i will go for a prenatal check up in a private clinic but wanted to give birth to Hamad Hospital; is it possible? or should i continue may prenatal at Hamad until i give birth?
Hi to all ; i want to know that if my brother calls my hubby on family visit visa for 6 months ...can my hubby do any job here in qatar ...does it effect my brother's job or anything ..??? plz help
I need to put ad for some jobs available in my company. What is the best Nepalese English Newspaper to contact
Can someone tell me what is the risk of starting work (Qatari company) before my visa which entitles me to work is sorted out? It would only be a week or two; but I am just wondering how seriously this is taken in Qatar.
How Engineers Play ANGRY BIRDS ?? lolololololol
i'm about 17 ; and i need to find a job ? what kind of job i can take it ?? i need ur help ...ty
can i send money to brazil bank account? how? please answer anybody know.... brazil bank accept dollar ?
I am a Project Design Engineer in HVAC from Pakistan having an experience of 4 years. I am being offered a gross salary of 8000 QR by a MEP Contracting Company. I am still negotiating my terms @10K QR. Need advise from the experienced lot ?? What about family visa in Qatar ? How can bring my wife to Qatar ? Would really appreciate some great advise.
I am looking for Cargo services to move around 50 Kgs of household items from Muscat to Doha. Can someone guide me? Thanks
I have just bought an FJ Cruiser and I want to install roof racks and bull bar. If anyone knows a reputable place where I can get these installed it would be appreciated. Cheers...
Dear Qatar living fens do we have any temple for Hindu here in Qatar?
Anyone knows where I can get it in Qatar?
comment on the picture
So will everything be closed during Eid; all week or just Monday? What about malls opening hours? Souqs?
hello; i was wondering if it's easy for my mom; who is 82 years old; to come into Doha to pay us a visit as a tourist? other than paying the tourist entry visa at customs upon arrival; is there any other issue/s i should be aware of because of her age? will she encounter any problems? is the standard visit time for tourists 30 days? any feedback welcome
Hi everyone; Do anyone have any idea when Fitness first(inside city center) would open. Someone told me that it would take 3 months. Please update if anyone is having any info about it. :(
Hi guys; I want to make a map of the location to my home. How can I do so?
Hi; I have been offered a 3 BHK flat for QR 4500 but the rentals should be paid in one year advance which is about QR 54000. I am not sure about this agent whether this is a fake or real? Please tell me if this is ok to go ahead with such an offer? or Is there any place where I can verify about this agent Thanks in advance
Could any one please detail down the procedures that an indian (who is under his father's sponsorship and inshallah will soon will be under co. sponsorship) should undergo if he is to get married in Qatar itself?? Due to certain circumstances the guy cannot get married in india. The girl too is an indian under her dad's sponsorship. Pls help...!!!!
I am leaving for my hometown for a period of one month; since the whole family is leaving there is no one to take care of our dog; Lucky. He is 2yr old; small; well mannered and playful. Is there anyone who is willing to take care of him in our absence? If so; pls contact us at the earliest. PS: We will provide his food for the absent period.
dear friends i woild like buy SLR cemara i see two or three brand but i can't choose which one better for me becoz i am new this feeld any one good knowlege about cemara pls help me Nikon; cannon . soney etc ... pls help me choose good one
anyone can tell me where i could sell my gold ring here in doha.is there any market here buying gold jewelries? thanks
Just post a question that starts with "Have you ever...?" The next QL Member will answer YES or NO (you can explain ur answer if u want); then post ur own question.. and so on =D ARE U READY? Let's start! Have you ever raised ur voice to ur parents or boss?
Hi Reader; Can you please advice if good recruitment agencies in Qatar. Appreciate your concerned at earliest. Regards; Mohammed Sayeed
Dears; Anybody knows what is the maximum time period for an infant to get on arrival visa in qatar? Thanks for your feedback
Does anyone know of classes available for Digital SLR Cameras f/ beginners in Doha ?
I am ask to pay 14;500 so i can get my release papers; but when i already paid the said amount; still i'm not getting any documents from them. What i have to do. Anyone can give me advice or help me regarding this issue?
where i can do my car wheel alignment with camber adjustment in doha?.....please help me...?
Hey Guys where can i get my IPOD Touch Screen Glass replaced caz it got a crackand please help me out and tell me any other shop but not Ispot(they dont provide maintance)
does anyone here know where or how can i apply for a bank in qatar? i'm currently working in a Bank here in Phils for more than 6 yrs... hope u can help me... thanks! I have attached here a copy of my resume... thanks again... :)
My daughter is 7 years old and i'm planning to bring her here for good. Is it possible? If yes; could you give me ideas and advice for the procedures in acquiring sponsor for her.
Can somebody tell me how to take free international calls through the internet ? not with Skype because they are asking for credit card # pls give me step by step guide
I am considering buying a Toyota FJ cruiser used one? Is it a good deal that 2008 Model FJ Cruiser driven about 6 kms at Qr.100;000. Need ur suggestions people. Thanks in advance
Its been an exiting contest; England regained the Ashes with a sweeping 197-run victory over Australia in the fifth Test at The Oval.Well done Strauss and Co. Tough luck Aussies!
Need help... Anyone knows ther office location or contact details?
Please can someone tell me things to buy in Qatar that are very cheap compare to other country. I will be going back home in two weeks time but i want to buy somethings to resell back home.
Does anyone have a manual book of White Westinghouse washing machine type LCE 608 LF (washer/dryer). I tried to search but found nothing.I have a small problem; maybe if I can fix it with the manual's guide before we call the Technician. Thank You.
Can anyone suggest a picnic spot for 50 family members. Al Khor garden is closed for 2 years. Al Dosari - Have visited. Shamal Too far. Any other place.
I'd like to learn arabic. Does anyone know where I can get group lessons (don't really want 1 to 1). I live in Al Waab area.
Im a Filipina nurse with almost 17yr experience in medical-surgical nursing both in phil and saudi arabia;plans to visit Qatar this month.Would there be a chance for me to land a job?What are the requirements and qualifications needed;may it be in private or government hosp?
Dear All where can i get Legal LPG cylinder connection in qatar ? what is cost for connection and regulator and refill charges what is overall procedure ? plz help me thank you kaustubh
Hi; Can anyone tell me where I can learn spainsh in Qatar? Also if there is any teacher(spanish Is mother's tonuge) who is willing to give me lessons at my residence for three times a week? Please let me know. Thank you
I was told that a particular maid agency is located there; but they couldn't tell me where exactly the Mannai R/A is located. Thanks; Expat Sueo
Hello Everyone; I am thinking of moving to Wakrah to be closer to the beach for the kids. Does anyone live there and comes to town on a daily basis? How bad is the Traffic during rush hours from Wakrah to town (EX. pearl round about to D-ring/Muntaza street.) And if you live there? Do you like it?
how much does a business visa cost?
Kabayans; how long will it take the processing of visa (with passports)thru DHL; in Phils. Qatar Embassy? Say; if you're just right there in Manila Area. Thanks.
We are moving to Doha shortly. In the meantime we are considering the issue of schools for our primary aged English speaking children. One of the schools; amongst several that we were told to look at; was the English Modern School. We have been able to collect a reasonable amount of information on the others on our list. Could those in the know please give us some insights into EMS?
I have a friend who is 10 months into a 12 month work visa the company he works for has no work for him but my company would like to employ him. We have been advised that we can take him on a letter of borrow; does anybody know how these work and any web sites with information regarding them? Thanks in advance
Where can I buy windshield wiper blades to replace a torn one? Didn't see them at C4.
hi everybody; if you are a working mom please share your experience with us to help each other; if you have kids who takes care of them when you are at work and if you have a house maid how did you choose her and how do you know if she is good with your kids please tell us I need your help and Iam sure there is a other moms need your advice too thanks in advance
I'm in Bin Omran. I need to get money from a Western Union Agent. Please tell me how to go from Bin Omran KFC.
Does anyone know where to get tix for Yo Yo Ma's performance at the new museum opening?
I am extremely nervous about the dentist so need someone who is understanding and kind. If anyone knows of such a dentist; please; please let me know. Thanks!
Let's talk about fruits. What is your favourite fruit? Mango for me. Mango; king of all fruits.
Which institute in Doha offering IATA training classes? - PLZ help
If anyone can advise where can I get Skype Mobile in Doha and what is the Price.
A suppliment was distributed with today's Gulf Times and one of the articles was regarding Car Seats for newborn babies. Does anybody know whom I shud contact to get the seats? If u hav a contact number; pl provide.
I am leaving doha this saturday night; going back to my country. My company cancelled my visa ; gave my passport with visa stamped "cancelled". Do I still need an exit permit? please enlighten me. Thanks
I got job offer with 13000 QR\month( include accommodation allowance + transportation allowance) as Senior interface Developer with 8 years experience; is that offer good or bad? Please advise me Thanks
Hi Folks I just had a wonderful 6 days in India. Now I am hooked on India Cuisine especially Gujarati. Would someone advise me as to whether there are any reputable restaurants with Indian cuisine and WHERE they are located. Thanks
How do we know when the shopping sales start in Doha? is there a website that keeps us posted? I would appreciate any good sales tips!
My street is always a witness of traffic accident... It shouldnt be Al Nasr street anymore but Accident street.... BUt the neighborhood is peaceful.. and i like it here much...
hi everyone... can anyone tell me about love....
My mother suffers from rheumatoid arthritis and have undergone many treatments including ayurvedic; acupuncture and homeopathy but none gave permanent resoluations. She's 54. Can someone share; suggest or recommend any kind of treatment?
Hello all Will be moving to Qatar soon. Could you all advise me which bank you think is best? I would really like a visa debit facility on my account as I travel a lot with my job. Other than that just would like a bank that is easy to deal with. Have been in UAE the last 5 years and found HSBC to be a NIGHTMARE.
Sorry guys a bit of a retarded question; but does anyone know which country HSBC is from.. i dont know how to put it.. but i mean like QNB is qatars bank... HSBC is for which country... Thanks :)
I got a 500 riyals ticket in MOI website on 22nd August 2009; when I was on vacation back home and my car was parked in my parking lot. Have any body experienced this type of things and guide me how to solve it?
hello my name is syed rasheed pasha and i working in ministry of awqaf and i want a family visa what are the rules and regulations to get a family please give me details.
I got Mozaic TV+ connection from Dec 1st. and I got first bill now that is amounted 450 riyal. which coming 250 riyal for rent and 200 riyal for initiation charge. but qtel have an offer now all installation charge is free upto dec 31st. then what is initiation charge?
Hi there all. want to the know the place to hangout during weekends. I am not a Alcoholic drinker i don't like going bar. what is the other things i can do here in Doha?
where can i buy here in Doha?anyone? thanks!
how to get a tourist visa; my friend which came from europe for a vacation has a stop over in doha for about 3 days ; where she will go to get for a 3 day tourist visa
I need quite a lot of work done on my teeth plus i need to install braces after i have all teeth fixed. Does anyone know a good dentist; who does good quality work and also not too expensive?
Hello Can some-one tell me about the EoSB? I know it is 3 weeks per 12 months worked; last salary being the figure based on; but can you tell me which article or law it is and where I can find it? Really appreciate your assistance.
Hi.. I would like to know what is the best and cheapest (of course; safe too) to send one 32Inch LCD TV to India? is it possible to send LCD TV's along with people who are going to India as luggage?? or is it too big for that? please if you know anyone who is forwarding this kind of things .. please let me know .. Thanks
HEllo Guys; i am doing a small research and i would need some insights from Qatari locals; the task is that i want as much as you can remember words ; Qatari words that starts with "SUB" like: "SUBBlak el Kahwa" thanks and i appreciate your help.
if there is someone has been deported here in qatar; is there any possibility to come back again here in qatar?
Hi; What do think if 'Windmills' have any scope for use here as wind keeps blowing generally for .. 366 days a year !
Can anyone tell me the artist and name of the song played on QBS these days immediately after morning news. I have no idea what she is singing but I really like it.. It must be a very famous one these days but I dont know the song name or the artists name..also I think it is sponsored by cocacola.. Does anyone have an idea what I am talking about..?
plz i need to know if any salon here in doha does brazilian keratine treatment; im trying to look for it since i got here; if u can give me name and location ill be more than gratefull; thanx
My family are going to Dubai this EID Holidays; how we will pay our visa as we arrived there and what counter we will approach. Is there any guide in the airport where in we can read the step we will do?Please help me thru your advices.
Which is the best website for watching movies online for free. Less ads and no interruptions.
Where in Doha can I get this type of footwear? (i.e. decent quality 'army style' desert boots). Thanks in advance!
can anyone tell me a good place to learn Arabic. I mean to verbally communicate with my friends. I know a little to read and write; but not to speak.
Hi I would like to find somewhere that sells alcohol free wine - I don't mean sweet grape juice in a wine bottle; but proper dry (ie not sweet)fermented wine that has been de-alcoholized). Dry non alcoholic beer is available here; but I can't find non alcoholic wine - I would be really pleased if someone could help me out with some suggestions. many thanks!
i've been working here in qatar for 2 years and 6 six months now. my company dont give my salary for 4 months and i've been working as a manager and a secretary but because our shop dont earn alot of money they just give a low salary and 3-4 delayed.i ask my boss if he can give me an NOC since i've already finished my contract but he refuse he said its either I continue working with them or cancel. what is the best way to do?
guys! just want to know how's the handling and steering of the ford explorer? I don't want to base my judgment on the reviews so if you have driven this one; kindly advise. thanks.
if any one know the remedy for this; please share with me? mic is properly working with other applications. prob only with gtalk ???? am using vista basic...
Hi Friends; Please tell me the exact location of finger print office in doha;which I can go for my wife visa... Regards Abraham
I want to buy an Air Conditioner. Can anybody tell me that is it the right time to buy? I mean to say summer is almost going to over
Anyone knows the physical exchange rate for USD at the money changer/banks? I need to know the real rates at Doha. Thanks
We often ponder on the reasons why people stay on and get addicted to QL. What can be the main reasons for leaving QL?
Last Thursday Doha International Airport conducted an open day for the professionals. Any one have any updates for the interview or any details?????? If u know pls do reply...
Here in Qatar we have a dress code for both man and woman; and few days ago I heard that western people also have a dress code and I was surprised. Can any western please explain to me what is this dress code looks like? It will be nice to share as many of us here in Qatar do not know this information. Please consider it as a culture information exchange.
Why men always behind the women? Why men only stares openly women not women stares the men?
hi; is there any1 suffering wid bed bugs? does any1 knows a sure shot solution for it? help pls thanks in advance
Hi everybody please can anybody have good idea regarding marriage gift my friend is going for marriage after two days so what is the best gift should I give him thanks ?
Dear Friends I am working in a private sector Company and I want to sponsor my family therefore how many months bank statements should I provide? This question may be raised several times in the past I am apologizing for your valuable time
I want to open a new bank account; anyone can comment about the commercial bank? r they good or not; from your experience people which bank is most helpful and with good facilitation?
Have a loan from Ahli Bank for 150000Qrs for 4 years. Planning to clear it in one settlement. What are the procedures and will they charge me anything for this action? now the interest rate is 6% flat.
Can anyone tell me where i can get VIDEO edit software and VIDEO CAPTURE card please ???
Hey QLers; Have any of you tried dinner buffet in Caravan Restaurant; next to Ramada Hotel? If so; do you recommend; how is the food; how much do they charge; etc...? Appreciate your answers. -SAK
Do you guys know if there are any sperm banks in Qatar? like for donation.. They do exist in most countries. thanks
Is it possible to get early pregnancy test kits in Doha in pharmacy? can u suggest like any brand which is good? pls answer thnx.....
i have problem with my laptop every time i used it; after how many minutes it will just automatically shut off.i dont know why.... it always happen like this and its realy disturbing; waste of time when im in the middle of my work. kindly advise me if you some person who really can fix this one with a cheaper price in terms of service. your comments is highly appreciated.thanks!
Can anybody provide me with the Phone numbers of the the popular shopping malls. Villagio City Center The Mall Landmark
Please let me know the gap between two family visit visa.
Hi there; I received a phone call from Qatar and didn't get the chance to answer. Is there any reverse look-up for phone numbers in Qatar? How do the numbers brake up 974 + ? + ?
Hi; posting for an acquaintance. Which clinic in Doha would you suggest for testing and obtaining a blood group certificate? Thank you.
Any eid celebrations around qatar during eid ? Or any arabic concerts? or any special dinners?
I am in urgent of the Proactive Skin Care System. Please tell me if you know where I can buy them here in Doha. Thanks!
Anybody know how to get the commentry in English....we got it in French here :-/
Hi my relative may be leaving Qatar shortly and wanted to know if the landlord will refund advance and post dated cheques? Is there any law pertaining to this? I had heard that they do return the money if one is leaving the country but wanted to know is thst just based on goodwill of the landlord or is there some law?
Hello everybody; I would like to know why they don't allow for people over 63 y.o. to visit Qatar. Does it make any sense?
I want to go to Saudi Arabia to perform Umra and want to take my car with me. What are the requirements to take car across the country? Also is it right decision to take a car; rather than going by Bus; as this is the first time for me to go by road to Saudi Arabia. I exactly dont know the roads.
My freind and wife visiting Qatar for a week; is any cheap hotels there around doha ?? what will be the charges per day.
How do you transfer your investment to your home country??? using IBAN numbers???? I am afraid there is important level of commissioning????
i want to buy a second hand car not new one but in good condition.can anybody help me? i need a car
Hi there; I was browsing the website of ALdo and Nine west and I wanted to make an order from their shoes but I found out that they are only shipping within USA. Anybody have ever tried to shop online and have it shipped to Doha? thanks
hiii guys... I am Indian nd wanna learn Arabic language...can anyone suggest me good education center or any institute who provide the classes for Arabic language..any idae how much they will charge for it.. thnks in advance :)
i am asking for my brother in law; he is in a business visit visa of 3 months validity. If he took temp licence now; when getting work permit later; can he transfer this temporary license to permanent. What is the procedure and fees for that.
Good day to all. I would like to ask how much it would cost for a SMALL/SIMPLE Church Wedding (Roman Catholic)? I think its a better option than just a civil wedding. Please EXCLUDE the wedding reception as it will be already sponsored for. Thank you so much.
thirsty???
Hi Is is true that now people employed in various companies in Qatar are free to change jobs. Comapnies surely must give NOC without any fuss - is it the new rule!! It will be great if this comes true - there's a rumor that after 18th Dec 2010 this new rule will be applied to the relief of all employees here in Qatar Pl let us know Thanks
Paying around 2200 at the moment for a Chrysler Epica - I don't really need a car this size and could do with cutting costs.
Hi ; how long it would take to process a change of visa job position?
where can i find pubs or disco here in qatar
Hello Everyone! Let's talk about this device. Am using Nuvi 1410 and enjoying the drive. Is 2011 maps got updated for this version? Still some new shopping centre; like; Barwa Village is not updated. Any feedback???
Hi All... i had looked up the search button but found only old updates...Would any of you know if any photography classes are held in Doha or are there any professional guys willing to help beginners having DSLR cameras...please hellppp..!!! Thanks...
Hi; Where can i find Aussie veal; Beef; or lamb here at Doha?
Anybody from Cuba here?
Is the 20/20 World Cup on any of the TV channels here? I've got most of the sports channels and its not on any of those!
Hello there; Does anyone know if the new xbox 360 arrive to Qatar yet? .... I heared that they completely changed the graphics card so it provides more intillgent graphics. Also; if it exists; have anyone modded it ? Thanks
If its possible then plz advice how to get a family visa and if it is not possible wit visa showing as labour profession then wat is the solution for it and how to get a family visa in dat case???
Can anyone tell me what are good thing and bad thing about Land Rover?
Does anyone know if they check the spare tyre when you go for the inspection needed to register a vehicle older than three years. I have four good tyres on my vehicle but the spare is wearing thin (and uneven). Thanks
Hi; a friend of mine would like to do research on oil companies within the Middle East and approach me for help. Most of the sites that he targeted was bogus. Can you please give me some companies which he can research. He would like to apply for a postion and is desperate. Thank you
Hello all; I'll be showing a guest around Doha next month. Anyone have any recommendations on: 1. Restaurants 2. Bars 3. Places of interest (in town and outside town). 4. Information on desert activities Thanks all!
I need to know which private hospital or clinic in Qatar is having a good gynaecologist or gynaecology dept.... Is there any particular gynaecologist who is very famous here and how can I reach him/her...
Does anybody know the Hotline number for Human rights Committee? Unfortunately; their website is not working.
Hi. First of all: what kind of taxes do I have to pay for insurance (especially health insurance) and is there some kind of tax for the salary (income tax) as in Germany? What do you personally think about the income; especially if you like spending money =)
are there any petshops store in doha;;;where?
does anybody know any migrating agents in qatar who does legal processing to canada/NZ/UK?? can some pass me any info about such agents anywhere in GCC or India?
Just moved to Qatar.. can anyone help me with how to buy a new car? Car show rooms/opening times/tel numbers etc Thanks; Melissa
Does anyone have a contact in qtel that can get things moving? I already waited 4 weeks for internet installation; and am told it could be few more weeks. However; my neighbours who applied AFTER me; have already had theirs installed. It is a new compound and they have requested the same package as me. Qtel really don't know the meaning of 'customer service'
hi i want to ask about the salary of a GP dentist in qatar as part time and what is the offered Facilities ?
Hi I am going to villagio cinema tonight and was looking on the site for prices and cant find them. Can anyone tell me roughly how much it costs to view a film at night there? Thanks
hey where exactly are these taxi cabs are they in qatar or have they reached dubai or something the day before i stood for two and a half hours for a cab to go to a certain place and then one hour to come back.and yesterday almost the same time this is in the morning in the evening i didnt get a cab at all whats going on where are they???????.
is it possible to change jobs during your first year in Qatar? The current sponsor will give release and NOC.
Anyone interested of setting up a civilized group? In a sense where nobody is bias or one-sided? Where we can have rational and all rounded conversation without any side bashing the other? Anything from everyday talks to books; news and the hunt of spirit babies in Africa? Organizing outs and such.
I have recently come to qatar on a work visa. My sponsors will not start a salary acct for me in any bank. i need to open an acct after which they will deposit my salary to the same. Can anyone tell me the procedure to start an acct and the necessary documents i may need to start an acct??? appreciate straight answers...
Are there any national day events this year too. I missed last year so looking forward for this years National day...Any one who has information on this kindly reply....Thanks
Please anyone advise me about - 'what documents i need to attach with the application to acquire a 'visit-visa' for my brother. Thank you Regards
I have to have a police clearance stamped by MOFA. I am told that this is not done at the main MOFA office. Anyone know where to go for this? Thanks.
Hello; I am looking for a place near Al Sadd/Al Nasser to learn Arabic. Can anyone help with reference of a good place. Thank you.
I mean who is running Qatar Living?
Hello fellow QLer's.. Hoping you all having a nice day so far.. Just want to ask an advice regarding the new Nissan Sunny 2012 model.. in general.. is it a great vehicle.. thank you...
Dear All; is there anyone who can help me to get a ticket to manila on 24th of this month? i have tried with almost all the airlines and none of them are having tickets and even if they do; its around 7000+ which is very costly. i am looking for one with normal rates. is there anyone who can help me ? :( ... please post ur contact details or send me a message :) Thanks in advance.
Good day to all! Anybody know what is the salary for casual position in QP? Thanks!
Which is the best agency in qatar for road side assistance in case of car breakdwon ??
Does anyone know where I can buy super glue? I've looked in the super markets and can't find it and the staff don't knwo what I am talking about!! Do I need to call it crazy glue of some brand name? Help!
Do you still pop the bubble wrap
actually im new to doha; nd i wanted to knw dat is there any real hapening places in doha; like car racing; partying; bikes nd everytng; actually i wants to meet diferent nation dats it!!!!!!
hi all
Salamu Alikum everyone!!!